The Vatican Apostolic Library (), more commonly called the Vatican Library or simply the Vat, is the library of the Holy See, located in Vatican City. Formally established in 1475, although it is much older, it is one of the oldest libraries in the world and contains one of the most significant collections of historical texts. It has 75,000 codices from throughout history, as well as 1.1 million printed books, which include some 8,500 incunabula.   The Vatican Library is a research library for history, law, philosophy, science and theology. The Vatican Library is open to anyone who can document their qualifications and research needs. Photocopies for private study of pages from books published between 1801 and 1990 can be requested in person or by mail.   In March 2014, the Vatican Library began an initial four-year project of digitising its collection of manuscripts, to be made available online.   The Vatican Secret Archives were separated from the library at the beginning of the 17th century; they contain another 150,000 items.   Scholars have traditionally divided the history of the library into five periods, Pre-Lateran, Lateran, Avignon, Pre-Vatican and Vatican.   The Pre-Lateran period, comprising the initial days of the library, dated from the earliest days of the Church. Only a handful of volumes survive from this period, though some are very significant.
The longest-running holiday special still has a very shiny nose.   "Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer" premiered on television December 6, 1964, and is now one of the holiday season's perennial favorites. The story of the reindeer who saves Christmas is beloved among children and adults alike.   The Rankin-Bass animated film production company used Japanese puppets and stop motion to tell the tale, bolstered by a soundtrack featuring Burl Ives' rendition of the theme song.   In the story, Santa's reindeer Donner and his wife have a son, Rudolph, who has the distinction of a nose that glows. He runs away after being made to feel an outcast and links up with an elf who dreams of becoming a dentist and an adventurer seeking silver and gold.   After ending up on the Island of Misfit Toys and wandering for a while, Rudolph goes on to save his loved ones from the Abominable Snow Monster and guides Santa through a blizzard that threatens to ruin Christmas.   In 2006, the New York Times reported that fans drove for miles to see the Rudolph and Santa Claus puppets at the Center for Puppetry Arts in Atlanta. The pair were thought to be the last of the surviving production puppets. They had been taken home by a production company employee and given to her children after filming was completed.   "In 2005, the nephew of the original rescuer found the puppets in a family attic and brought them to be appraised on the PBS series 'Antiques Roadshow,' " the Times said. "Created for about $5,000 each in 1964, they were valued at $8,000 to $10,000 for the pair. The family sold both figures to Kevin A. Kriess, the president of TimeandSpaceToys.com and a lifelong fan of the Rankin-Bass films." 
Have you ever been to some big cities in the world? The information below will be helpful to you. Budapest For many centuries, Budapest was two cities, with Buda on the west side of the river Danube and Pest on the east side. Budapest became one city in 1872, and it has been the capital city of Hungary for about eighty years. The population of Budapest is about three million, and the city is a very popular place for tourists. Visitors like to take boat rides along the Danube. Budapest is also known for its exciting nightlife. The best time to visit is summer since Budapest is very cold in winter. Los Angeles Los Angeles was founded in 1781. With 3.5 million people it is now the biggest city in California and the second largest city in the United States. It is famous for its modern highways, its movie stars, and its smog. When the city is really smoggy, you can't see the near-by Mountains. The weather is usually dry and warm. Visitors like to go to the film studios and to drive along Hollywood Street. There are many good beaches near the city, and Los Angeles is also close to Disneyland. Taipei Since the founding of Taipei in the 18th century, the city has grown to a population of 2.3 million. Taipei is an exciting city, but the weather is humid and not always pleasant. It's also a very busy city, and the streets are always full of people. There is an excellent museum that many people visit. Taipei is quite an expensive city, but not more expensive than some neighboring cities such as Hong Kong and Tokyo. So more and more travelers go to Taipei to shop.
A lawsuit filed by the family of Robert Champion, the Florida A&M University band member allegedly beaten to death in a hazing ritual, accuses the bus company involved in the deadly assault and the bus driver of negligence, their attorney said Monday.   The suit alleges that Fabulous Coach Lines and its driver not only consented to the illegal acts of hazing by students, they knowingly participated in the planned hazing activity over several years.   "This was a culture embraced by this bus company," Chris Chestnut said.   According to court documents, Bus C, which is was the vehicle where the incident took place and the name of a specific hazing ritual, was parked in a dark corner, separate from the other buses provided by the company.   The suit also alleges that the bus and its air conditioning system were running at the time Champion was beaten and that the bus driver was standing guard at the door to prevent anyone from entering or exiting the vehicle.   When Champion stepped off the bus at one point to vomit, the bus driver told him "he would be alright as she forced him back onto the bus," the lawsuit claims.   Despite a request for damages in excess of $15,000, Chestnut insisted the focus isn't money. It allows him to file subpoenas and take witness statements to further the investigation.   "We figure out how this happened, we figure out how to fix it, and then we stop it from happening again," Chestnut said.   Calls to the bus company and its attorneys, Wicker, Smith, O'Hara, McCoy, and Ford, PA, for comment have not been returned. 
Officials of the Chicago Transit Authority said they were investigating. The child, Nicole Hobson, was being taken by her mother to Children's Memorial Hospital about 11 P. M., Wednesday to check her recently inserted pacemaker.   The child was stricken about a mile from the hospital. Her mother, May Hobson, 40, said, "I told the bus driver that my baby had just had heart operation and that she was having a heart failure. He said he couldn't go through the traffic."   Ted Garretson, 28, a passenger who had tried to bring back Nicole's life, said the driver did nothing to help and stopped once to pick up more passengers.   When the driver reached a corner where he was to make a turn, a block from the hospital, he told Mrs. Hobson to get off, she said.   A transit spokesman said the driver should have made radio call to the control center for help.
Local businessmen are increasingly facing competition from online retailers. Larry Pollock, owner of Camera Co/Op on South Congress, said he has been dealing with this kind of problem for years, even before the Internet. The struggle began with mail-order catalogues , which are similar to online retailers in that they have few employees to pay, no sales tax fees and no business venue to lease and manage.   "Their overhead is lower, but they don't offer a service like we do," Pollock said.   Pollock, however, said providing a valuable service to customers does not always guarantee continued sales.   "We spend 30 minutes to an hour with somebody and they go home and buy it on line," he said.   According to the state comptroller's office, online shopping is developing at a more rapid rate than traditional businesses.   In spite of how fair or unfair online shopping may be to the local businessmen, consumers will continue to turn to the Internet for its variety and accessibility, said Mitch Wilson, an online shopper. "You have a larger selection and it's easier to compare prices."   Wilson said he built his personal computer and paid a third of the price by shopping on line.   "Before the Internet, I would have had to go and buy an assembled computer from somebody like Dell," he said. "Before I started shopping on line I could never find all the pieces I wanted. No single store had everything needed, so shopping on line saved me from having to buy from Dell."   Janny Brazeal, a psychology freshman, said online shopping is too impersonal.   "'d rather see it in person, touch it, know that I'm getting it," she said.   Brazeal also said she would not give out her credit card number or other personal information on line no matter how safe the site claims it is.
The University of Chicago (UChicago, Chicago, or U of C) is a private research university in Chicago. The university, established in 1890, consists of The College, various graduate programs, interdisciplinary committees organized into four academic research divisions and seven professional schools. Beyond the arts and sciences, Chicago is also well known for its professional schools, which include the Pritzker School of Medicine, the University of Chicago Booth School of Business, the Law School, the School of Social Service Administration, the Harris School of Public Policy Studies, the Graham School of Continuing Liberal and Professional Studies and the Divinity School. The university currently enrolls approximately 5,000 students in the College and around 15,000 students overall.   University of Chicago scholars have played a major role in the development of various academic disciplines, including: the Chicago school of economics, the Chicago school of sociology, the law and economics movement in legal analysis, the Chicago school of literary criticism, the Chicago school of religion, and the behavioralism school of political science. Chicago's physics department helped develop the world's first man-made, self-sustaining nuclear reaction beneath the university's Stagg Field. Chicago's research pursuits have been aided by unique affiliations with world-renowned institutions like the nearby Fermilab and Argonne National Laboratory, as well as the Marine Biological Laboratory. The university is also home to the University of Chicago Press, the largest university press in the United States. With an estimated completion date of 2020, the Barack Obama Presidential Center will be housed at the university and include both the Obama presidential library and offices of the Obama Foundation.
An incandescent light bulb, incandescent lamp or incandescent light globe is an electric light with a wire filament heated to a high temperature, by passing an electric current through it, until it glows with visible light (incandescence). The hot filament is protected from oxidation with a glass or quartz bulb that is filled with inert gas or evacuated. In a halogen lamp, filament evaporation is prevented by a chemical process that redeposits metal vapor onto the filament, extending its life. The light bulb is supplied with electric current by feed-through terminals or wires embedded in the glass. Most bulbs are used in a socket which provides mechanical support and electrical connections.   Incandescent bulbs are much less efficient than most other types of electric lighting; incandescent bulbs convert less than 5% of the energy they use into visible light, with standard light bulbs averaging about 2.2%. The remaining energy is converted into heat. The luminous efficacy of a typical incandescent bulb is 16 lumens per watt, compared with 60 lm/W for a compact fluorescent bulb or 150 lm/W for some white LED lamps. Some applications of the incandescent bulb deliberately use the heat generated by the filament. Such applications include incubators, brooding boxes for poultry, heat lights for reptile tanks, infrared heating for industrial heating and drying processes, lava lamps, and the Easy-Bake Oven toy. Incandescent bulbs typically have short lifetimes compared with other types of lighting; around 1,000 hours for home light bulbs versus typically 10,000 hours for compact fluorescents and 30,000 hours for lighting LEDs.
Did you know that Albert Einstein could not speak until he was four years old, and did not read until he was seven? His parents and teachers worried about his rnenta1ability.   Beethoven's music teacher said about him,"As a composer he is hopeless." What if this young boy believed it?   When Thomas Edison was a young boy,his teachers said he was so stupid that he could never learn anything.He once said,''I remember I used to never be able to get along at schoo1.I was always at the foot of my class...My father thought I was stupid,and I almost decided that l was a stupid person."What if young Thomas believed what may said about him?   When the sculptor Auguste Rodin was young; he had difficulty learning to read and write.:. Today, we may say he had a learning disability. His father said of him, "I have an idiot for a son. "His uncle agreed. "He's uneducable," he said. What if Rodin had doubted his ability?   Walt Disney was once fired by a newspaper editor because he was thought to have no "good ideas". Enrico Caruso was told by one music teacher, "you can't sing. You have no voice at all. " And an editor told Louisa May Alcott that she was unable to write anything that would have popular appeal.   What if these people had listened and become discouraged? Where would our world be without the music of Beethoven, the art of Rodin or the ideas of Albert Einstein and Walt Disney? As Oscar Levant once said, "It's not what you are but what you don't become that hurts. "   You have great potential.When you believe in all you can be, rather than all you cannot become, you will find your place on earth.
Traditionally considered the last part of the Stone Age, the Neolithic followed the terminal Holocene Epipaleolithic period and commenced with the beginning of farming, which produced the "Neolithic Revolution". It ended when metal tools became widespread (in the Copper Age or Bronze Age; or, in some geographical regions, in the Iron Age). The Neolithic is a progression of behavioral and cultural characteristics and changes, including the use of wild and domestic crops and of domesticated animals.   The beginning of the Neolithic culture is considered to be in the Levant (Jericho, modern-day West Bank) about 10,200 – 8,800 BC. It developed directly from the Epipaleolithic Natufian culture in the region, whose people pioneered the use of wild cereals, which then evolved into true farming. The Natufian period was between 12,000 and 10,200 BC, and the so-called "proto-Neolithic" is now included in the Pre-Pottery Neolithic (PPNA) between 10,200 and 8,800 BC. As the Natufians had become dependent on wild cereals in their diet, and a sedentary way of life had begun among them, the climatic changes associated with the Younger Dryas are thought to have forced people to develop farming.
Poultry (/ˌpoʊltriː/) are domesticated birds kept by humans for the eggs they produce, their meat, their feathers, or sometimes as pets. These birds are most typically members of the superorder Galloanserae (fowl), especially the order Galliformes (which includes chickens, quails and turkeys) and the family Anatidae, in order Anseriformes, commonly known as "waterfowl" and including domestic ducks and domestic geese. Poultry also includes other birds that are killed for their meat, such as the young of pigeons (known as squabs) but does not include similar wild birds hunted for sport or food and known as game. The word "poultry" comes from the French/Norman word poule, itself derived from the Latin word pullus, which means small animal.   The domestication of poultry took place several thousand years ago. This may have originally been as a result of people hatching and rearing young birds from eggs collected from the wild, but later involved keeping the birds permanently in captivity. Domesticated chickens may have been used for cockfighting at first and quail kept for their songs, but soon it was realised how useful it was having a captive-bred source of food. Selective breeding for fast growth, egg-laying ability, conformation, plumage and docility took place over the centuries, and modern breeds often look very different from their wild ancestors. Although some birds are still kept in small flocks in extensive systems, most birds available in the market today are reared in intensive commercial enterprises. Poultry is the second most widely eaten type of meat globally and, along with eggs, provides nutritionally beneficial food containing high-quality protein accompanied by a low proportion of fat. All poultry meat should be properly handled and sufficiently cooked in order to reduce the risk of food poisoning.
Mr. Laurence was not allowed to see Beth, and Meg felt unhappy writing letters to her mother saying nothing about Beth's illness. Jo nursed Beth night and day, but the time came when Beth did not know her and called for her mother. Jo was frightened, and Meg begged to be allowed to write the truth, but Hannah said there was no danger yet. Then a letter came saying that Mr. March was worse and could not think of coming home for a long time. How dark the days seemed. How sad and lonely. The sisters worked and waited as the shadow of death lay over the once happy home. It was then that Meg realized how rich she had been in the things which really mattered--love, peace, good health. And Jo, watching her little sister, thought about how unselfish Beth always was--living for others and trying to make home a happy place for all who came there. Amy, sad and lonely at Aunt March's house, just wanted to come home so that she could do something to help Beth. On the first day of December, the doctor came in the morning. He looked at Beth, then said quietly, 'If Mrs. March can leave her husband, I think she should come home now.' Jo threw on her coat and ran out into the snow to send a telegram. When she arrived back, Laurie came with a letter saying that Mr. March was getting better again. This was good news, but Jo's face was so unhappy that Laurie asked, 'What is it? Is Beth worse?' 'I've sent for Mother,' said Jo, beginning to cry. 'Beth doesn't know us any more.' Laurie held her hand and whispered, 'I'm here, Jo. Hold on to me. Your mother will be here soon, and then everything will be all right.'
Once an Englishman named Jack Brown went to Russia for a holiday. He stayed there for several months and then came home again. Some of his friends visited him a few days after he got back. "I had a very dangerous trip while I was in Russia," Jack said to them. "I wanted to see a friend of mine in the country and the bad weather made me very late. So I was still traveling through a forest in a sleigh when the sun went down. It was a long way from my friend's house when about twenty wolves began to follow my sleigh. It was very dark in the forest. There was thick snow on the ground. It was cold, and there were no houses for miles and miles. First I heard the wolves. The noise was terrible! The horses heard them, too. They were frightened and began running faster. Then I saw long, gray forms among the trees, and soon the wolves were near us. They were running very fast, and they didn't seem to get tired like the horses." "What did you do?" one of Jack's friends asked. "When the wolves got very near," Jack answered, "I put up my gun and shot the first wolf. The sleigh was moving about, but I hit the animal and killed it. Then all the other wolves stopped and ate it, so our sleigh got away from them for a few minutes." "Then they finished their meal, and I heard them coming again. The moon was shining brightly on the snow now, and after a few minutes I saw them running among the trees once more. They came nearer again, and then I shot another of them, and the others stopped once more to eat it." "The same thing happened again and again, and my horses became more and more tired and ran slower and slower until, after about two hours, only one wolf was still alive and following us." "Wasn't it too fat to run?" one of his friends asked.
A Chinese actor's divorce from his wife, over her alleged extramarital affair, has social media buzzing, with posts about the subject gaining over five billion views.   Wang Baoqiang announced online on Sunday that he was divorcing his wife, Ma Rong, and sacking his agent, Song Zhe. He alleged that his marriage broke down after his wife had an affair with his agent, and that she had also transferred the couple's joint assets. Ma has hit back at Wang, accusing him of abandoning their family.   The topic has sparked a debate about relationships and divorce. It seems Wang's situation has struck a chord with many - which could explain the number of views, which are high even by Chinese standards.   The divorce quickly became a top trending topic in China. According to micro blog Sina Weibo, posts with the hashtag "Wang BaoQiang Divorce" have been viewed over five billion times. Chinese netizens seem to have rallied around Wang, with topics like "Wang Don't Cry" "Wang We Support You", quickly trending after news of the divorce spread. Statistics by Weibo showed that 47% of netizens' posts condemned Ma for her affair, saying it had shattered her family.   But why are they so interested? what is it about this one that's got all of China ruffled up?   Some people feel that this divorce seems to fit a certain trope - of a beautiful but ordinary girl marrying a rich but less good-looking man. It is not uncommon to hear the belief that a couple has to "match" at every level - be it in status, or physical appearance - for a relationship to work out. Wang and Ma's split has many people wondering if uneven matches are unlikely to succeed.   A lot of social media discussion has also centred around divorce, and in particular how people can protect themselves. Wang has alleged that his wife transferred and hid some of the couple's assets. They're a wealthy couple - their assets, according to Chinese media, include nine flats, a BMW car and various luxury goods. As a result, people are debating the importance of protecting individual assets, even after marriage.
Once upon a time in Greece, there lived a young man called Narcissus. He lived in a small village on the sea and was famous in the land because he was quite handsome. Villagers would turn up on the streets to stare at the beautiful child . When he grew up , people always said "How handsome Narcissus is!" Villagers thought that Narcissus could not be any more handsome than he already was. But as years passed Narcissus became a teenager. His beauty grew and became so great that he was known all over country of Greece. As he grew ,Narcissus was very proud of his good-looking face. "Oh! You are so handsome ,Narcissus!" Narcissus said one day as he looked into a pool."There's nobody more handsome in the whole world ! I'd love to kiss you . And that's just what I'll do!" He leaned closer to the water . Suddenly he lost his balance and fell into the pool . Narcissus tried to reach the bank of the pool, but he could not swim and he drowned.
Laura and Graham were having a party for their good friend Judy. Judy had graduated high school and they wanted to show her how proud they were of her, and Judy would be moving far away at the end of the year. Judy was going to college to become a doctor. She thought about becoming a lawyer or an engineer. She even thought about being a scientist. Judy would be bringing her friend Mike. There wouldn't be many people at the party, since this was a celebration with close friends. Laura set out drinks and snacks for Judy and the other guests. The snacks she set out were salty pretzels.
The Oscars ceremony at the 87th Academy Awards took place in Hollywood's 3,300-seat Dolby Theatre in California on Sunday evening(Feb.23, 2015). The night concluded with the biggest award of the evening, Best Picture. After already securing the Best Screenplay and Best Director Award for Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu, Birdman took flight as the winner of the night.   Competing with 7 other contenders including another much-predicted winner "Boyhood", the top prize of the night was finally awarded to the film "Birdman". The director of "Birdman" was also awarded the Best Director Oscar by the Academy. In addition, the film took home two other awards for Best Original Screenplay and Cinematography.   Starring Michael Keaton, the dark comedy "Birdman" tells the story of a faded Hollywood star, famous for his roles as the "Birdman superhero", who struggles to win the support and confidence to perform in a different character type in a Broadway show.   The Academy's Best Leading Actor award went to Eddie Redmayne, for his performance in the film "the Theory of Everything". It was the actor's first nomination and first win.   Meanwhile, the Best Leading Actress award went to Julianne Moore who plays a college professor who learns that she is suffering from early-onset Alzheimer's disease.   Patricia Arquette also won her first Oscar for her supporting actress role in the movie "Boyhood", while J.K. Simmons won the Best Supporting Actor in "Whiplash".   Best foreign Language film went to "Ida", while "Crisis Hotline" won the award for Best Documentary Short Subject.
Czechoslovakia or Czecho-Slovakia (; Czech and , "Česko-Slovensko") was a sovereign state in Central Europe that existed from October 1918, when it declared its independence from the Austro-Hungarian Empire, until its peaceful dissolution into the Czech Republic and Slovakia on 1 January 1993.   From 1939 to 1945, following its forced division and partial incorporation into Nazi Germany, the state did not "de facto" exist but its government-in-exile continued to operate.   From 1948 to 1990, Czechoslovakia was part of the Soviet bloc with a command economy. Its economic status was formalized in membership of Comecon from 1949, and its defense status in the Warsaw Pact of May 1955. A period of political liberalization in 1968, known as the Prague Spring, was forcibly ended when the Soviet Union, assisted by several other Warsaw Pact countries, invaded. In 1989, as Marxist–Leninist governments and communism were ending all over Europe, Czechoslovaks peacefully deposed their government in the Velvet Revolution; state price controls were removed after a period of preparation. In 1993, Czechoslovakia split into the two sovereign states of the Czech Republic and Slovakia.     The country was of generally irregular terrain. The western area was part of the north-central European uplands. The eastern region was composed of the northern reaches of the Carpathian Mountains and lands of the Danube River basin.
A culture's values can be mirrored by its humor. Humor has been evaluated by many great minds such as Thomas Hobbes, who, in "On Nature", disliked humor, "Laughter is nothing else but sudden glory arising from sudden thought of feeling far better than others." He thought humor to be a negative quality of human narrow-mindedness.   However, Mordechai Gordon, Ph. D of Education, insists, "Humor allows us to view the world from an angle that is amusing rather than serious." I agree with Gordon. Learning to look at the world through humor is important.   In the United States, every four years an election occurs. Without humor as a way to express their feelings, how else would Americans keep from clawing their eyes out and going the way of lemming? Television shows like "The Daily Show" have become important parts of American culture. They are mothering the masses by metaphorically airplane-ing politics into our mouths. They make politics fun.   Of course, politics is only one type of humor. Social humor helps people through the twists and turns of the human condition. American pop culture promotes an unhealthy self- image. On the topic of self-image, Hari Kondabolu stands out. He has a joke about the popular musical group "The Pussycat Dolls", describing their hit song "Don't Cha" as a negative representation of women. He points out an obvious offence in American culture.   A study from Loyola University of Maryland has shown that humor is one determining factor for selecting a mating partner. Amongst other things, mates look for an outstanding funny bone in a potential partner.   Of course, humor is not always used for good purposes. Humor can be linked to vulgarity and racism, but, like everything else, it has potential to unite human beings by allowing us to laugh at ourselves, our failures and our connection with one another.   Though 1ife may seem tough and depressing at times, all I have to do is look in the mirror at my increased wrinkles to know that there is a comedy out there that even Chaplin wasn't aware of.   With that in mind, remember to laugh with humanity and sometimes at humanity.
The 54-year-old Michigan tree trimmer severely beaten after he accidentally struck a child who had stepped into the street earlier this month is breathing on his own, according to his daughter.   "He is off the ventilator and is able to breathe on his own," Mandi Marie Utash posted Friday to a GoFundMe.com page she and her brother set up for their father, who they say does not have health insurance.   Steven Utash was set upon by about a dozen people after his truck struck a 10-year-old boy, police said. After Utash stopped his vehicle to help the boy, he was "severely beaten" with "fists and feet," Wayne County Prosecutor Kym Worthy said in a statement.   Authorities credited a woman who stepped in as Utash was being attacked with saving his life.   Mandi Marie Utash wrote that her father doesn't seem to know what happened to him or why he was in the hospital, but that he is able to wiggle his toes on command and answer yes or no questions. "These are baby steps," she says.   She wrote that her father "keeps flashing back to the assault screaming for "HELP" and "PLEASE GET THEM OFF ME."   "This is a long road ahead," she said. "But the end of the road will be worth it."   Steven Utash had previously been in a medically induced coma.   Jennifer Moreno, a police spokeswoman, told CNN that all of the alleged assailants were African-American and that none are known to be related to the boy or his family. She said the beating was "a spontaneous response." Utash is white. 
A federal jury convicted a California man Monday in a case in which prosecutors say he convinced a woman to bomb a federal courthouse so he could turn her and others involved the scheme in to authorities, and collect reward money.   Donny Love was found guilty on 10 charges, including the use of a weapon of mass destruction, for the role he played in the May 4, 2008, attack on San Diego's Edward J. Schwartz Federal Courthouse.   No one was injured in the blast that damaged the building's front lobby, shattered a glass door and broke a window in a building across the street.   Love could face between 30 years and life in prison, said Assistant U.S. Attorney Fred Sheppard.   During the two-week trial, prosecutors painted Love as the mastermind behind the blast.   He directed two others, Rachelle Lynette Carlock and Ella Louise Sanders to purchase explosive powder and to steal bomb-making materials, they said. Carlock was an on-again, off-again girlfriend to Love, said Sheppard.   According to testimony, Carlock and Eric Reginald Robinson then drove from Love's house to San Diego with a backpack, containing three pipe bombs. Carlock detonated the bombs at the front doors of the courthouse, prosecutors said.   Carlock, Sanders and Robinson were charged and each previously pleaded guilty for their parts in the plan.   At the time of the bombing, Love was in "dire financial straits," prosecutors said, and faced jail time stemming from two pending criminal cases.   "The evidence showed that he directed the May 4, 2008, bombing for the purpose of obtaining reward money and a break on his state charges by providing information about the bombing to law enforcement," prosecutors said in a statement. 
My dad runs the Blue Street Zoo. Everyone calls him the Zoo King. That means Mom is the Zoo Queen. And that means that I'm the Zoo Prince! Being a prince is very special.   I spend every morning walking around to see the zoo. It's better than any animal book. I say hello to the lions. I say woof at all of the wolves. I make faces to the penguins. Once I even gave a morning kiss to a bear! My favorite animal is the piggy. I named him Samson. He likes to eat mustard, so I toss some mustard jars into his cage every morning. I don't know why that piggy likes mustard so much.   Sometimes I walk around with the Zoo King and Zoo Queen. Then we say hello to the animals together! I really like those days. Everybody who works at the Zoo says hello to us when we walk by. At lunchtime, we all go to the Zoo restaurant and eat pork chops. I hope Samson doesn't get mad about that!
Wang Jiaming from Beijing Chenjinglun High School says he is a lucky boy. He's happy that he's sitting the senior high school entrance exam in 2014 instead of 2016. On Oct 22, Beijing Municipal Commission of Education announced that, from 2016, the English scores in the senior high school entrance exam will be reduced from 120 to 100. Of the 100 points, the listening ability scores will increase to 50. Meanwhile, the points for Chinese will increase from 120 to 150. "The change won't affect me. I feel so lucky because English is my strongest subject," said Wang. Why such a change? It places the importance on Chinese in our study, and reduces students' stress, said Li Yi, spokesman of the commission. "The change will also push us to pay attention to the practical usage of English," said Li. "Students will be encouraged to learn to understand English menus and read English news on mobile phones." There isn't news that other cities will have the same change. But several places are making changes to English tests in the college entrance exams. For example, Shandong is considering taking out the listening part of the English exam in its college entrance exams. But, "being tested for less points doesn't mean the subject _ ," Bai Ping wrote in China Daily. English has long been the world's most commonly used language. Former Chinese premier Zhu Rongji once said: "In a globalizing economy , if you cannot communicate with foreigners, how can one be part of the world economy?" Wang Jiaming said he understood the change. "Chinese, not English, is our mother tongue ," he said. "But still, I think English is both interesting and useful."
So, there was this kid named Jack that came up to my beanstalk one day. I couldn't believe my eyes, so I put down my ham sandwich I was eating and looked at him. I'm not sure what he thought he was doing there, but he sure did talk a lot. He kept asking me questions about this and then he asked me some questions about that and I was getting a little bit tired of all of the questions.   When I thought I wouldn't hear the end of everything, this Jack kid asked me about the one and only secret that I've always kept to myself. That no one even knew about! No, it wasn't about my golden guitar or even my goose that laid eggs filled with coins. No, he was asking me about my beans and their roots.   You see, I'm a giant and my job is to make sure the bean roots that we use to get down to earth are well protected and guarded. They're what helps us get down to the little person world when we need to. I became a little bit worried as the little kid asked more and more questions about my roots. I didn't want to tell him that my roots were hidden in the library!   I walked over to him to pick this little kid up to get him to quiet down about the bean roots, well, he got me with his little knife and I dropped him! Thankfully, he didn't get hurt or I would've been so sad!   He ran down the beanstalk when I chased after him. I guess he wanted to get back to his little people. I didn't follow him, but I sure hope he doesn't come back for my stuff.
Wales is a country that is part of the United Kingdom and the island of Great Britain. It is bordered by England to the east, the Irish Sea to the north and west, and the Bristol Channel to the south. It had a population in 2011 of 3,063,456 and has a total area of . Wales has over of coastline and is largely mountainous, with its higher peaks in the north and central areas, including Snowdon (), its highest summit. The country lies within the north temperate zone and has a changeable, maritime climate.   Welsh national identity emerged among the Celtic Britons after the Roman withdrawal from Britain in the 5th century, and Wales is regarded as one of the modern Celtic nations. Llywelyn ap Gruffudd's death in 1282 marked the completion of Edward I of England's conquest of Wales, though Owain Glyndŵr briefly restored independence to Wales in the early 15th century. The whole of Wales was annexed by England and incorporated within the English legal system under the Laws in Wales Acts 1535–1542. Distinctive Welsh politics developed in the 19th century. Welsh Liberalism, exemplified in the early 20th century by Lloyd George, was displaced by the growth of socialism and the Labour Party. Welsh national feeling grew over the century; "Plaid Cymru" was formed in 1925 and the Welsh Language Society in 1962. Established under the Government of Wales Act 1998, the National Assembly for Wales holds responsibility for a range of .
A bracket is a tall punctuation mark typically used in matched pairs within text, to set apart or interject other text. The matched pair may be described as opening and closing, or left and right symbols.   Forms include round (also called "parentheses"), square, curly (also called "braces"), and angle brackets (also called "chevrons"); and various other pairs of symbols.   In addition to referring to the class of all types of brackets, the unqualified word "bracket" is most commonly used to refer to a specific type of bracket: in modern American usage this is usually the square bracket and in modern British usage this is usually the round bracket.   Chevrons were the earliest type of bracket to appear in written English. Desiderius Erasmus coined the term "lunula" to refer to the rounded parentheses (), recalling the shape of the crescent moon.   Some of the following names are regional or contextual.   The characters ‹ › and « », known as guillemets or "angular quote brackets", are actually quotation mark glyphs used in several European languages. Which one of each pair is the opening quote mark and which is the closing quote varies between languages.   In English, typographers generally prefer to not set brackets in italics, even when the enclosed text is italic. However, in other languages like German, if brackets enclose text in italics, they are usually set in italics too.
Lewis Hamilton extended his Formula One drivers' championship lead after finishing second behind Red Bull's Mark Webber at the British Grand Prix.   World champion Jenson Button, who narrowly missed out on his first podium finish at Silverstone after coming fourth, still trails McLaren teammate Hamilton in second.   Third-placed Webber stormed back into title contention after winning his third race of the season. The Australian leapfroged fellow Red Bull driver Sebastian Vettel, who is 24 points adrift of Hamilton in fourth.   McLaren also lead Red Bull by 29 points at the top of the constructors' championship.   Ferrari's Fernando Alonso stayed fifth overall but lost ground after earning no points, ending the race in 14th after being given a drive-through penalty for illegally overtaking Robert Kubica of Renault off the track.   Nico Rosberg of Germany continues to outperform his Mercedes teammate Michael Schumacher, recording his third podium finish this season to replace Kubica in sixth.   Drivers' Championship (after 10 rounds):   1. Lewis Hamilton (GB) McLaren 145 points   2. Jenson Button (GB) McLaren 133   3. Mark Webber (Aus) Red Bull 128   4. Sebastian Vettel (Ger) Red Bull 121   5. Fernando Alonso (Sp) Ferrari 98   6. Nico Rosberg (Ger) Mercedes GP 90 Constructors' Championship:   1. McLaren 278 points   2. Red Bull 249   3. Ferrari 165   4. Mercedes GP 126   5. Renault 89   6. Force India 47   
Angie went to the library with her mother. First she had to turn in the books she was returning at the return desk. They said hello to the man there. He took their books. Then they went into the adult reading room. Angie sat in a brown chair at the table. She made a drawing of her mother. Her mother found a large red book. Then they went to the Mystery section. Angie sat in a blue chair. She drew a picture of her brother. Her mother found the book. It was a green book. Finally it was time to go to the children's room. It was Story Hour. Miss Hudson was there to read to all the children. She read a book about friendship. After the story Angie sat in the red chair and began drawing. They were drawing pictures of friends. Angie drew a picture of her best friend Lilly. Miss Hudson hung the pictures on the wall. Then Angie and her mother picked out 8 books to read at home. They checked the books out and went home.
Rochester ( or ) is a city on the southern shore of Lake Ontario in western New York State. Rochester is the third most populous city in New York, with over 210,000 residents, and its metropolitan area has a population of nearly 1.1 million people.   Rochester was one of America's first boomtowns, rising to prominence as the site of many flour mills along the Genesee River, and then as a major hub of manufacturing. Several of the region's universities (notably the University of Rochester and Rochester Institute of Technology) have renowned research programs. In addition, Rochester is the site of many important inventions and innovations in consumer products. The Rochester area has been the birthplace to such corporations as Kodak, Western Union, Bausch & Lomb, Gleason and Xerox that conduct extensive research and manufacturing in the fields of industrial and consumer products. Until 2010, the Rochester metropolitan area was the second-largest regional economy in New York State, according to the U.S. Internal Revenue Service, after the New York City metropolitan area. Rochester's GMP has since ranked just below that of Buffalo, New York, while still exceeding it in per-capita income.   The 25th edition of the "Places Rated Almanac" rated Rochester as the "most livable city" in 2007, among 379 U.S. metropolitan areas. In 2010 "Forbes" rated Rochester as the third-best place to raise a family. In 2012 Kiplinger rated Rochester as the fifth-best city for families, citing low cost of living, top public schools, and a low jobless rate.
It was finally summer vacation, and Josh was excited to go to his favorite place. He was heading to Florida, to visit his Grandma and Grandpa. Josh spends every summer there, and this summer would be no different! In the mornings, Josh and Grandma would plant cucumbers, tomatoes, and carrots in the ground. After they would be planted, they would water and weed the garden every day. In the afternoons, Grandpa would take Josh out on the ocean in his sailboat which was named "Sea girl." Josh loved "Sea girl" and his favorite part was smelling the salty ocean air. Sometimes Josh and Grandpa would go to a beach and make sandcastles, or start digging until they found buried sea shells or other treasures. At night, Grandma and Grandpa would make dinner and they would eat outside by the pool. On special nights, Josh got to get ice cream for dessert. A lot of times, Grandma made dinner dishes that included the vegetables Josh and Grandma were growing. It was his favorite time of year. Josh couldn't wait to leave tomorrow morning!
Maurice Mountain is a retired lawyer in Washington, D.C. He developed a prototype for a device he calls the Presto Emergency Boat Ladder. His invention is a small folding ladder that attaches to the side of a boat to help people who fall into the water. Mr. Mountain plans to mass-produce his boat ladder.   He created his invention at a workshop called TechShop. Mr. Mountain says, "I think it encourages innovation. I think people who probably have had ideas rolling around in the back of their minds for years but have never had the opportunity to actually put them into production or even experiment with them would find this place wonderful. Members of TechShop use high-tech equipment to develop and produce ideas they have for inventions." Isabella Musachio manages a TechShop in Arlington, Virginia. She says the shop has many different kinds of equipment.   "TechShop is a do-it-yourself maker space. So when you come in we have all these different areas of the shop, and we have a metal shop, wood shop, lasers, 3D printers, electronics. I mean, we have so many different areas and we have all the equipment that is availahle to anybody above the age of 12."   Membership costs for TechShop start at just over $ 100 per month. Members are able to use costly machines including 3D modeling tools and laser cutters. Isabella Musachio says TechShop helps its members build their dreams.   "Our motto is 'build your dreams here' because you can really come in with just an idea, and then with the help of TechShop make that leap from an idea to building your project o, your prototype or even your business."   Jim Newton is the founder of TechShop. He first introduced the idea for the technology workshops at an arts and sciences event called Maker Faire in San Mateo, California in 2006. His idea attracted hundreds of members during that event, Now, there are eight TechShop locations in the U. S. In all, there are more than 6,000 members. Two more-TechShop locations in the cities of St. Louis and Look Angeles will be set up.
In the middle of the Idaho wilderness, a man on horseback had a brief conversation with two campers. The rider's realization later that he may have been talking to California Amber Alert suspect James DiMaggio and his alleged teenage captive has now focused a nationwide manhunt for the pair on the rugged mountain area in central Idaho.   The horseback rider saw the man and girl Wednesday and struck up a brief conversation with them, Andrea Dearden, spokeswoman for the Ada County Sheriff's Office, said Friday.   He was not aware of the manhunt at the time, but he called the Amber Alert tip line after he saw a news account that night and realized the pair matched the description of DiMaggio and 16-year-old Hannah Anderson, she said.   The rider's impression of the pair was "it seemed odd but nothing as alarming," Dearden said.   "They did speak and exchange pleasantries. I don't think there was a lot of information exchanged," she said. "He left the conversation believing they were camping in the area."   The rider said the man and girl were on foot, hiking with camping gear, Dearden said.   Dearden appeared to be correcting authorities' earlier reports that the suspect and girl were spotted by more than one horseback rider.   Investigators set up checkpoints where DiMaggio and Hannah were believed to be traveling in the River of No Return Wilderness area, about 15 miles outside Cascade, Dearden said.   Authorities haven't yet evacuated any homes or businesses, she said, adding, "We have those access points secured." 
Anna's parents told her they were going to have a new baby brother. She had never had a brother before. She was not sure what to think about it.   "What if he cries?" asked Anna.   "If he cries we hold him until he is quiet," said Anna's dad.   "What if he makes a mess in his diaper?" asked Anna.   "Diapers smell but we clean them up," said Anna's mom.   Anna thought about having a baby brother. Her mom and dad would take care of him. They bought a high chair for him to eat in. They brought out her old crib for him to sleep in. What could she do to help? Anna wanted to help the baby play. She thought it would be fun to play with him. Anna saved up her money. She had two whole dollars. She went to the store to pick out a present for the baby. She bought a rattle. It cost all the money she had, but Anna was happy. She could give a gift to the new baby.
A 42-year-old immigrant from Rwanda, who is accused of lying her way into the United States after allegedly participating in the 1994 genocide that left up to 800,000 people dead, is going on trial in a New Hampshire federal court.   Jury selection is set to begin Wednesday in the case of Beatrice Munyenyezi, who allegedly committed fraud in 1995 by denying her alleged involvement in mass rape, murder and kidnappings in Rwanda a year earlier.   Prosecutors allege Munyenyezi, who is now a U.S. citizen, intentionally lied on a refugee questionnaire and naturalization documents about her role in the infamous slaughter, in which ethnic Hutu militants butchered their Tutsi counterparts over a three-month period.   They say Munyenyezi, a Hutu, was a member of an extremist group associated with a paramilitary organization that set up roadblocks and targeted fleeing Tutsis and their sympathizers.   One of the roadblocks was set up outside the Ihuriro Hotel -- an establishment owned by her husband's family, according to the indictment.   The mother of three is allegedly married to former militia leader Arsene Shalom Ntahobali, who was convicted of war crimes and sentenced to life in prison last year.   She allegedly lived in the hotel and helped pick out those who arrived at a nearby checkpoint to be executed and raped, the indictment said. She also is accused of stealing her victims' belongings.   Her attorney, Mark Howard, said his client "categorically denies that she committed any acts of genocide, or committed any crimes, as the prosecution alleges here." 
Jefferson's metaphor of a wall of separation has been cited repeatedly by the U.S. Supreme Court. In Reynolds v. United States (1879) the Court wrote that Jefferson's comments "may be accepted almost as an authoritative declaration of the scope and effect of the [First] Amendment." In Everson v. Board of Education (1947), Justice Hugo Black wrote: "In the words of Thomas Jefferson, the clause against establishment of religion by law was intended to erect a wall of separation between church and state."   Many early immigrant groups traveled to America to worship freely, particularly after the English Civil War and religious conflict in France and Germany. They included nonconformists like the Puritans, who were Protestant Christians fleeing religious persecution from the Anglican King of England. Despite a common background, the groups' views on religious toleration were mixed. While some such as Roger Williams of Rhode Island and William Penn of Pennsylvania ensured the protection of religious minorities within their colonies, others like the Plymouth Colony and Massachusetts Bay Colony had established churches. The Dutch colony of New Netherland established the Dutch Reformed Church and outlawed all other worship, though enforcement was sparse. Religious conformity was desired partly for financial reasons: the established Church was responsible for poverty relief, putting dissenting churches at a significant disadvantage.
(CNN)A 17-year-old male fatally shot an Iraqi man watching his first snowfall in his new American hometown, targeting him and then continuing to fire as the immigrant rushed to get inside, Dallas police said Friday.   Authorities don't believe the suspected shooter knew the victim, Ahmed Al-Jumaili, Dallas Police Maj. Jeff Cotner said reporters, nor do they believe he knew Al-Jumaili's ethnicity.   And they haven't given any indication Al-Jumaili had anything to do with what led the teen to head out armed in the first place -- a purported shooting at his girlfriend's apartment, if that in fact happened. Cotner said that, while there have nearby shootings that might be tied to gangs, "we (have been) unable to substantiate ... whether or not there was an actual shooting at the apartment."   What police do believe, based on witness testimony and other evidence, is that the teenager shot and killed Al-Jumaili, for whatever reason.   "When he saw Mr. Al-Jumaili and their family, he targeted them, he shot at them with intent," Cotner said of the suspect, who is under arrest. "And as Mr. Al-Jumaili ran back toward his apartment, he tracked him with his rifle and continued to fire."   Dallas police named the suspected shooter, though CNN is not identifying him yet since he's a minor and it's not clear if he'll be charged as an adult. The teen turns 18 in May, police said.   Until the fatal shots ended Al-Jumalli's life, March 4 had been a day of fun and joy for Al-Jumaili and his family. 
The megayacht that Steve Jobs commissioned in the final years of his life has been impounded in Amsterdam after a payment dispute involving the designer, Philippe Starck.   The Venus, a 100-million-euro ($137.5 million), 260-foot-long yacht, made its unofficial debut in late October. It's currently stuck in the Port of Amsterdam after Starck hired a debt-collection agency to attempt to remit the final payment for his design.   According to lawyers at Ubik -- Starck's design company -- speaking with Reuters, the designer has only received 6 million of the 9-million-euro commission and is seeking the rest of the payment before the Venus will be released.   "These guys [Jobs and Starck] trusted each other, so there wasn't a very detailed contract," Roelant Klaassen, a lawyer for Ubik, told Reuters.   The Venus is a floating ode to both Jobs and Starck's minimalist aesthetic. Made entirely out of aluminum, with 40-foot-long floor-to-ceiling windows lining the passenger compartment and seven 27-inch iMacs making up the command center.   In Walter Isaacson's biography of Jobs, the late Apple CEO is quoted as saying that, "I know that it's possible I will die and leave Laurene with a half-built boat, but I have to keep going on. If I don't, it's an admission that I'm about to die."   Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT! Click here!   Copyright 2011 Wired.com.   
(PEOPLE.com) -- Theodore "Teddy" Forstmann, a veteran business leader and philanthropist who was romantically linked to Padma Lakshmi, died Sunday. He was 71.   Forstmann suffered from brain cancer, his spokesman tells The New York Times.   Although the famed billionaire never married, he dated "Top Chef" host Lakshmi, 41, over the last several years. Their relationship made headlines when she gave birth to now 1-year-old daughter Krishna in February 2010, which spawned speculation over the identity of the father. (Venture capitalist Adam Dell was later revealed as the father.)   Forstmann was also briefly linked to Princess Diana. According to "The Diana Chronicles" by Newsweek and The Daily Beast editor Tina Brown, the two were plotting to wed in the last weeks of her life.   Forstmann, who invested in companies ranging from Gulfstream Aerospace to Dr. Pepper, is survived by his two sons, Siya and Everest, brothers Anthony and John, and sisters Marina Forstmann Day and Elissa Forstmann Moran.   See the full article at PEOPLE.com.   © 2011 People and Time Inc. All rights reserved.   
A Texas teen who's been jailed more than four months for a Facebook comment he made during a video-game argument is finally getting a day in court that could let him go home.   Justin Carter, who was 18 when he was arrested, will appear in Comal County (Texas) District Court on Tuesday, July 16, for a bond hearing, according to his lawyer, Don Flanary.   Flanary told CNN he will argue to have Carter's $500,000 bond, which his family cannot afford to cover, reduced.   Flanary, who is working the case for free, met with Carter for the first time on Tuesday. He said Carter is not doing well, and his family says he has been placed on suicide watch.   "Justin is in bad shape and has suffered quite a bit of abuse while in jail," Flanary said in an e-mail. "We will likely bring out these issues at the bond hearing."   He did not elaborate on the type of abuse claimed by Carter, who is now 19.   In February, Carter and a friend were arguing on Facebook with someone else over the online video game "League of Legends."   His father told CNN that the other gamer called Justin crazy and his son responded with sarcasm.   According to court documents, Justin wrote, "I'm f***ed in the head alright. I think I'ma (sic) shoot up a kindergarten and watch the blood of the innocent rain down and eat the beating heart of one of them."   Jack Carter said his son followed the claim with "LOL" and "J/K" -- indicating that the comment wasn't serious. 
Chris Waddell wants to climb Kilimanjaro in a wheelchair; George Del Barrio wants to make a film in Cambodia; Jeff Edwards wants to write a book: they want you to fund their dreams.   A website called Kickstarter.com is making it possible for people like this to raise money from a few hundred to tens of thousands of dollars to fund anything that catches the imagination of Internet users with a little money to spare.   It worked for Emily Richmond, a 24-year-old living in Los Angeles who plans to sail solo around the world for two years. She's raised $ 8,142 from 148 people who'll receive gifts such as photos from the trip or a telephone call when she crosses the equator .   "This was a perfect learning experience for my daughter," Landon Ray said, adding that he also dreamed of sailing the world himself.   Jason Bitner's plan for $ 7,500 to pay for a film about the small Midwestern town of La Porte, was so popular that it raised $ 12,153. It's about a record of pictures by a photographer who died in 1971. About a third of his supporters were friends and family. Others include people of La Porte but also people from as far as Australia.   "It's a creative marketplace," said Jonathan Scott Chinn, who is collecting $16,500 to make a short film. "You're given the opportunity to make yourself known, and if it's really interesting, it'll take off."   Independent singer & songwriter Brad Skistimas, 26, has been using the Internet for eight years to promote his one-man band Five Times August. He used Kickstarter to raise $ 20,000 to help his new album Life As A Song.   "It's a great way to get in touch with fans," Skistimas said. "I was marketing to my own fans, so I said 'If you want more music from me, now's a great time to help me out'" .
Every day Yang Hongwei takes the bus home from work, staring silently at the European-style villas , luxury cars and twinkling lights from the shopping center that he sees through the window.   Yang works for a software company in Zhongguancun. He dreams of such a life, away from poverty, and that hope has kept him in Beijing for three years since he graduated from university.   Soon Yang squeezes his way off the bus to the reality of his life: his home--a 10-square-metre room that costs 550 yuan(81 US dollars) or about one-fifth of his salary in rent every month. It's very cold inside the house as it has no central heating system. He has to stand the long and cold winter. Determined to achieve his dream, Yang says he has changed jobs "numerous" times in the past three years and is considering quitting his present job.   Yang's frustration over his life as a migrant is shared by many other graduates that have moved into big cities. Together they have come to be called the "ant tribe", a term created by Chinese sociologists to describe the struggles of young migrants, who, armed with their diplomas, flood to big cities in hopes of a better life only to put up with low-paying jobs and poor living conditions. They share every similarity with ants. They live in colonies in crowded areas. They're intelligent and hardworking, yet unknown and underpaid. The term, sociologists have said, also reflects their helplessness in a world governed by the law of the concrete jungle--only the strongest survive.   A survey in Ant TribeII found nearly 30 percent of the "ants" are graduates of famous key universities--almost three times the percentage of 2009. Most have degrees in popular majors, such as medicine, engineering, economics and management. In addition, 7.2 percent of the "ants" have at least a master's degree compared to 1.6 percent in 2009. Most said the economic recovery did not really improve their financial situations, and 66 percent said their incomes fell short of their expectations, the survey also found.   For two years, Lian Si, a post-doctoral fellow at the Center for Chinese and Global Affairs of Peking University, who has studied the phenomenon, led a team of more than 100 graduate students to follow the groups in university towns like Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou, Wuhan and Xi'an. Lian evaluates the total population of the "ant community" in major cities at one million across China, with about 100,000 found in Beijing alone. Lian predicts that an increasingly challenging job market will see the ant tribe growing further in number. Another 6.3 million graduates are expected to join migrant workers and other job hunters in what promises to be a fierce labour competition.   The ant tribe's embarrassing living situations have become a serious social issue, and the government should develop "second-and-third-tier cities" to attract more graduates from big cities. However, "ants" expect more study and training opportunities in big cities, which keeps them in positive mindsets despite their situations. As in the case of Yang, he is optimistic about getting a new job soon, having received eight interview offers in a week after sending out his resume. The prospect of landing a higher-paying job keeps him hopeful of moving out of the slum district soon. The sooner the better.
Jason Priestley played Brandon Walsh on "Beverly Hills 90210" from 1990 to 1998. Having long since hung up his Peach Pit uniform and Beverly Hills Beach Club cabana boy polo shirt, his character became a journalist and departed to take a job at the Washington Bureau of the New York Chronicle, and Priestley left the show four episodes into the series' ninth season.   "I felt that the character of Brandon had kind of run his course. I had explored everything I wanted to explore with him," Priestley told CNN while promoting his new book, "Jason Priestley: A Memoir" (HarperOne) at the New York Bureau of CNN.   "In retrospect, I do regret leaving. Understanding what I do now about story and character, I believe that [Aaron Spelling] was pushing the story in a direction that would have had Brandon and Kelly end up together at the end of the show and I think I probably should have stuck around to its fruition."   Fans of "90210" surely remember Kelly Taylor's (Jennie Garth) "I choose me" speech following Brandon and Dylan McKay's (Luke Perry) showdown for her affections. Brandon wanted Kelly to marry him. Dylan wanted to take her on a trip around the world. But Priestley believes Executive Producer Aaron Spelling had always envisioned Brandon and Kelly riding off into the sunset.   "I think my departure also hurt Aaron's feelings," continued Priestley. "Aaron and I had worked very closely together for a number of years. He gave me a lot of opportunities, and I feel like my departure hurt his feelings and I never meant to do that." 
Do you know more and more Chinese artists have made regular donations to charity or put their efforts into charity work in China? Here let's know some of them. Faye Wong and her husband Li Yapeng started the Yan Ran Angel Foundation for harelipped children three years ago. It was named after their daughter. Its purpose is to help children under 14 to cure their harelips. The couple donated one million yuan (about $ 133,000) to start the organization. Cong Fei was born in a poor family. He became a successful singer in Shenzhen. He helped 178 poor students and disabled people for more than 10 years. Before he died of an illness at the age of 37 in 2006, he decided to donate his cornea to people with eye problems. He helped six people see the world. Guan Mucun has donated money to Project Hope to help poor students finish primary education. Thirty of these poor students have already finished high school with her support. Guan has also helped with charity work for environment protection, HIV/AIDS prevention, blood donation and "Mother Water". Guan had an unlucky childhood: her mother died when she was only 10 years old. With the help of the government and her neighbours, she grew up and was successful as a famous singer. Action star Jackie Chan is a wholehearted supporter of charities including UNICEF, Operation Smile and his own Jackie Chan Charitable Foundation. In 2007, he used much of his spare time to visit the farthest parts of China on his Dragon's Heart Charity Missions. The Dragon's Heart Foundation aims to meet the needs of poor children and the elderly in the hardest-to-reach areas of the country. Chan has made several trips to these poor villages, bringing warm clothing, wheelchairs and school supplies, and helping to build schools.
Probably no other musical instrument is as popular as the guitar around the world. Musicians use the guitar for almost all kinds of music. Country and western music would not be the same without a guitar. The traditional Spanish folk music called Flamenco could not exist without a guitar. The sound of American blues music would not be the same without the sad cry of the guitar. And rock and roll music would almost be impossible without this instrument.   Music experts do not agree about where the guitar was first played. Most agree it is ancient. Some experts say an instrument very much like a guitar was played in Egypt more than 1,000 years ago. Most experts say that the ancestor of the modern guitar was brought to Spain from Persia sometime in the 12thcentury. The guitar continued to develop in Spain. In the 1700s it became similar to the instrument we know today.   Many famous musicians played the instrument. The famous Italian violins Niccole Paganism played and wrote music for the guitar in the early 1800s. Franz Schubert used the guitar to write some of his famous works. In modern times Spanish guitarist Andres Segovia helped make the instrument extremely popular.   In the 1930s, Les Paul began experimenting to make an electric guitar. He invented the solid-bodied electric guitar in 1946. The Gibson Guitar Company began producing its famous Les Paul Guitar in 1952. It became a powerful influence on popular music. The instrument has the same shape and the same six strings as the traditional guitar, but it sounds very different. Les Paul produced a series of extremely popular recordings that introduced the public to this music. Listen to this Les Paul recording. It was the fifth most popular song in the United States in 1952. It is called "Meet Mister Callaghan."
It's not just gloves that can help people keep warm in winter. Love can, too. A pair of 16-year-old American twins, Jack and Jake Moran, stared a program called "Warm Hearts, Warm Hands" last month. Their aim was to collect new and used gloves with fellow students at Richards High School. "We started this program a few weeks ago after we saw something on the news about a student who got frostbite riding his bike to school," Jack said. "I just kind of realized that there are so many kids who don't have or wear gloves. The school has started the collection competition among classes, and the class that collects the most gloves gets a pizza party. The twin brothers talked to other students about their program. Many teachers also joined in, bringing in gloves and encouraging their students to help meet the needs of local community members. "The conversations we are having now aren't so much about what actions we can take, but about _ .This program has really shown me that I don't need to get on a plane and go to help refugees to make a difference. I can do it right here. I can do it every day." Jake said. More than 500 pairs of gloves have been collected in a month and more donations are coming in every day, including hats and scarves.
"L.A. Law" had buzz right from the moment it premiered in 1986.   Co-created by Steven Bochco, hot off his success with "Hill Street Blues," the series was set at the high-priced Los Angeles law firm of McKenzie, Brackman, Chaney and Kuzak.   The cast was glossy and diverse, including Jimmy Smits, Blair Underwood, Jill Eikenberry, Michael Tucker, Susan Dey, Richard Dysart, Alan Rachins and Corbin Bernsen.   Most of all, it pushed the boundaries of the legal show the way "Hill Street" did with cop shows.   "L.A. Law's" principals argued cases involving rape, capital punishment, big business, child molestation, AIDS and medical malpractice at a time when such subjects were seldom mentioned on prime-time television, and certainly not in such detail. This was no "Perry Mason," or even "The Defenders."   Bochco being Bochco, the hard stuff was paired with moments of silly humor and steamy sex (or silly sex and steamy humor), making for a high-wire balance of drama and comedy.   One first-season episode got people talking about a fictional sex act called the "Venus Butterfly"; later, the show actually killed off a character by dropping her down an elevator shaft.   The big hair and big-shouldered suits of the '80s may be gone, but the show remains influential. David E. Kelley, a real-life lawyer who later created "Picket Fences," "The Practice" and "Ally McBeal," got his television start as a writer on "L.A. Law."   The show's first season is finally out on DVD, with the second expected to follow in a few months. CNN spoke to Smits, now a star of "Sons of Anarchy" who played idealistic Hispanic attorney Victor Sifuentes, and Alan Rachins, who played bottom-line-oriented partner Douglas Brackman Jr. and later starred on "Dharma and Greg," about the show and its impact. 
Kiss of Death is a romantic detective story whose basic theme focuses totally on dogs.   Whitney Marshall had just gone through a divorce, appearing practically penniless while her husband, a promising plastic surgeon, was left with the property and the debts, and his new wife. Whitney seeks help from her cousin, Miranda, who had lived with them as a child. Miranda is operating a dog walking business and lives in the caretaker's cottage of one of her employers, Calvin Hunter. Whitney's approach is timely as Miranda is getting married and leaving for a two- week honeymoon. She leaves her house and the dogs in Whitney's care.   Living next door is Adam Hunter; an expert of the Iraqi war who had suffered a battle injury. During his recovery, his uncle Calvin had asked Adam to his home in prefix = st1 /Greecetelling him that he was certain someone was likely to murder him.   His uncle Calvin recently died of an apparent heart attack and Adam has come to Calvin California home to straighten out his affairs and to further investigate the death. Adam is from the area, and was previously called up in the security business with his former police partner.   Immediately after Calvin's death, his home had been broken into and the only things stolen were his computer and related things. Adam has an accountant trying to sort out his uncle financial affairs. His uncle had become fascinated to a pet dog who had "taken Westminster by storm,"and had caught the dog show fever, spending his time judging and attending shows. To the surprise of all, however, there does not seem to be any money in his accounts.   Whitney and Adam meet when he catches her in the house. Whitney is merely dealing with Calvin's dog, one of her new responsibilities. They continue to meet as outside causes throw them together and romance starts.   Whitney's former husband Ryan tries to persuade her to sign a deal over to him that he claims he had not been properly taken care of in the divorce. She is hesitating, waiting to see a lawyer. Then, Whitney's dog is missing, kidnapped by Ryan's new wife's personal trainer; the caretaker's cottage is bombed; and most importantly, they find the man that Miranda was to marry had never heard of her, and she seems missing.   The plot seems to circle among all these people, heading nowhere until the end of the book when it picks up speed, and all is exposed. Kiss of Death will be unforgettable only to readers who enjoy learning mysterious facts about dogs.
Jamie Oliver has been invited by Gordon Brown to prepare a banquet at No.10 for President Barack Obama and other leaders of the G20, offering a cut-price menu to reflect times when trade and industry are far from prosperous and the rate of employment is decreasing.   Downing Street sources say Oliver, the well-known chef, will cook using "honest high-street products" and avoid expensive or "fancy" ingredients.   The prime minister is trying to avoid a repeat of the embarrassment last year when he sat down to an 18-course banquet at a Japanese summit to discuss world food shortages.   Obama, President Nicolas Sarkozy of France, Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany and other leaders will be served by apprentices from Fifteen, the London restaurant Oliver founded to help train young people in poverty in order to make a living by mastering a skill.   Brown wants the dinner to reflect the emphasis of the London summit, which he hopes will lead to an agreement to lift the world out of recession."To be invited to cook for such an important group of people, who are trying to solve some of the world's major problems, is really a privilege," said Oliver.   "I'm hoping the menu I'm working on will show British food and produce is some of the best in the world, but also show we have pioneered a high-quality apprentice scheme at Fifteen London that is giving young people a skill to be proud of."   The chef has not yet finalized me menu, but is expected to draw inspiration from his latest book, Jamie's Ministry of Food, which has budget recipes for beef and ale stew and "impressive" chocolate fudge cake. (   )
Ultratop is an organization which generates and publishes the official record charts in Belgium, and it is also the name of most of those charts. Ultratop is a non-profit organization, created on the initiative of the Belgian Entertainment Association (BEA), the Belgian member organization of the International Federation of the Phonographic Industry. Two parallel set of charts are concurrently produced and published, one on behalf of Belgium's Dutch-speaking Flanders region, and the other catering to the nation's French-speaking region of Wallonia.   The music charts produced by Ultratop organization are separated along regional-language boundaries, an unusual division that is justified by the cultural differences in Belgium. So it is that the Dutch-speaking Flanders region has one set of charts of record activity there, while the French-speaking Wallonia region has another set to measure popularity in those provinces.   The charts are broadcast on several Belgian radio stations, and on TV stations TMF in Flanders and Plug RTL in Wallonia.   Ultratop creates charts based on record sales of around 500 retail outlets and legal digital downloads. Currently GfK is the market observer of the charts. The chart broadcasts on Radio Contact on Saturdays from 12:00 to 14:00. The combined number of Ultratop chart listeners on the various radio or TV stations exceeds two million every week. To celebrate the 10th anniversary of the charts in 2005, a jubilee book was published. It covers all 15,282 singles from 5,882 artists thus far.
Brave Frenchman Found Half-way Around the World   (NEW YORK) A French tourist highly praised for rescuing a two-year-old girl in Manhattan said he didn't think twice before diving into the freezing East River.   Tuesday's Daily News said 29-year who left the spot quickly after the rescue last Saturday.   He lifted the little girl out of the water after she fell off the bank at the South Street Scaport museum. He handed the girl to her father, David Anderson, who had dived in after him.   "I didn't think at all," Duret told the Daily News. "It happened very fast. I reacted very fast. "   Duret, an engineer on vacation ,was walking with his girlfriend along the pier when he saw something falling into the water . He thought it was a doll, but realized it was a child when he approached the river. In an instant ,he took off his coat and jumped into the water.   When he reached the girl, she appeared lifeless, he said . Fortunately, when she was out of the water, she opened her eyes.   Anderson said his daughter slipped off the bank when he was adjusting his camera. An ambulance came later for her, said Duret, who was handed dry clothes from cookers. Duret caught a train with his girlfriend shortly after.   The rescue happened on the day before he left for France. Duret said he didn't realize his tale of heroism until he was leaving the next morning . "I don't really think I'm a hero," said Duret. "Anyone would do the same ting. "
Once there was a group of adventurers who went on an adventure in a place named Hyperion where there was a lot of snow. Their names were Thor, Bravos, and Pierre. Thor and Bravos were from Norway, but Pierre was from Paris, France. Because of where he was from, he wasn't used to the cold. To stay warm, Pierre wore three jackets. One day during their adventure the men saw a strange cave. Thor and Bravos wanted to go inside, but Pierre was afraid. He had heard that a horrible bug monster named Vlastos lived in the caves of Hyperion. Thor and Bravos told him that was only a fairy tale. They told him the only thing he really needed to worry about was hitting his head on a rock in the cave. Finally they got Pierre to go into the cave. Inside there were lots of tunnels. They chose the middle tunnel. The tunnel went down into the earth. After a long time it ended. The men were in a huge room. There were beautiful ice shapes on the walls.
James VI and I (James Charles Stuart; 19 June 1566 – 27 March 1625) was King of Scotland as James VI from 24 July 1567 and King of England and Ireland as James I from the union of the Scottish and English crowns on 24 March 1603 until his death. The kingdoms of Scotland and England were individual sovereign states, with their own parliaments, judiciary, and laws, though both were ruled by James in personal union.   James was the son of Mary, Queen of Scots, and a great-great-grandson of Henry VII, King of England and Lord of Ireland, positioning him to eventually accede to all three thrones. James succeeded to the Scottish throne at the age of thirteen months, after his mother Mary was compelled to abdicate in his favour. Four different regents governed during his minority, which ended officially in 1578, though he did not gain full control of his government until 1583. In 1603, he succeeded the last Tudor monarch of England and Ireland, Elizabeth I, who died without issue. He continued to reign in all three kingdoms for 22 years, a period known after him as the Jacobean era, until his death in 1625 at the age of 58. After the Union of the Crowns, he based himself in England (the largest of the three realms) from 1603, only returning to Scotland once in 1617, and styled himself "King of Great Britain and Ireland". He was a major advocate of a single parliament for England and Scotland. In his reign, the Plantation of Ulster and British colonization of the Americas began.
Intel Corporation (also known as Intel, stylized as intel) is an American multinational corporation and technology company headquartered in Santa Clara, California (colloquially referred to as "Silicon Valley") that was founded by Gordon Moore (of Moore's law fame) and Robert Noyce. It is the world's second largest and second highest valued semiconductor chip makers based on revenue after being overtaken by Samsung, and is the inventor of the x86 series of microprocessors, the processors found in most personal computers (PCs). Intel supplies processors for computer system manufacturers such as Apple, Lenovo, HP, and Dell. Intel also manufactures motherboard chipsets, network interface controllers and integrated circuits, flash memory, graphics chips, embedded processors and other devices related to communications and computing.   Intel Corporation was founded on July 18, 1968, by semiconductor pioneers Robert Noyce and Gordon Moore, and widely associated with the executive leadership and vision of Andrew Grove. The company's name was conceived as portmanteau of the words "int"egrated and "el"ectronics, with co-founder Noyce having been a key inventor of the integrated circuit (microchip). The fact that "intel" is the term for intelligence information also made the name appropriate. Intel was an early developer of SRAM and DRAM memory chips, which represented the majority of its business until 1981. Although Intel created the world's first commercial microprocessor chip in 1971, it was not until the success of the personal computer (PC) that this became its primary business. During the 1990s, Intel invested heavily in new microprocessor designs fostering the rapid growth of the computer industry. During this period Intel became the dominant supplier of microprocessors for PCs and was known for aggressive and anti-competitive tactics in defense of its market position, particularly against Advanced Micro Devices (AMD), as well as a struggle with Microsoft for control over the direction of the PC industry.
ISIS has released a new video of British hostage John Cantlie, this time showing him in the Syrian border city of Kobani.   In a segment that lasts for more than five minutes, Cantlie argues that -- unlike Western media accounts of recent days -- Kobani is mostly under control of the terror group, which calls itself the Islamic state.   He claims that ISIS fighters are mopping up, and that the all-out battle for the city is over. Kurdish forces in Syria have said the fight is far from finished, and that Iraqi Kurdish forces will soon be joining them.   Kurdish forces and ISIS militants have been clashing in the key border city for more than a month. On Sunday, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said at least 800 people have been killed there since the fighting started.   The video posted online Monday is the latest ISIS has released of Cantlie, who's been held hostage for nearly two years.   The British photojournalist, who also wrote several articles for major British newspapers, was kidnapped in November 2012 along with American journalist James Foley. In the first video of him released by the group last month, Cantlie made clear that he was forced to share a message from ISIS.   The video released Monday portrays Cantlie as a reporter in the field describing Kobani. The hostage, dressed in black, appears close enough to the border to see Turkish flags in the background.   "It seemed almost like a standup that a CNN correspondent would do in a foreign city," Peter Bergen, CNN national security analyst, said. "It was designed to show that he's relaxed, that what he's saying is accurate. But clearly he's under duress." 
The Crimean War was a military conflict fought between October 1853 – March 1856 in which Russia lost to an alliance of France, the United Kingdom, the Ottoman Empire, and Sardinia. The immediate cause involved the rights of Christian minorities in the Holy Land, which was controlled by the Ottoman Empire. The French promoted the rights of Catholics, while Russia promoted those of the Eastern Orthodox Christians. The longer-term causes involved the decline of the Ottoman Empire and the unwillingness of the United Kingdom and France to allow Russia to gain territory and power at Ottoman expense. It has widely been noted that the causes, in one case involving an argument over a key, have never revealed a "greater confusion of purpose", yet led to a war noted for its "notoriously incompetent international butchery."   While the churches eventually worked out their differences and came to an initial agreement, both Nicholas I of Russia and Napoleon III refused to back down. Nicholas issued an ultimatum that the Orthodox subjects of the Empire be placed under his protection. Britain attempted to mediate, and arranged a compromise that Nicholas agreed to. When the Ottomans demanded changes, Nicholas refused and prepared for war. Having obtained promises of support from France and Britain, the Ottomans officially declared war on Russia in October 1853.
(CNN)Prison life won't be pretty for Aaron Hernandez, the former NFL player and convicted murderer sentenced to life without parole.   After correction officers evaluate him, he will be shipped to Massachusetts' flagship maximum-security prison, one of the most high-tech jails in the United States with no history of breakouts: the Souza-Baranowski Correctional Center in Shirley, about 40 miles outside downtown Boston.   It's called Souza, for short, and it's the state's newest prison, opened in 1998, with a matrix of 366 cameras recording live 24 hours a day and a microwave detection perimeter with taut wire.   "I don't know the date, but he'll be going there. That's the maximum-security facility," Department of Corrections spokesman Darren Duarte said.   Legal advocates for inmates describe Souza as sterile and violent at once. Its diverse demographic includes the young and the old, many of whom are also doing life. One stubborn problem is that opiates are smuggled to inmates, the legal advocates said.   "It's very shiny and clean looking and very sterile," said Leslie Walker, executive director of Prisoners' Legal Services of Massachusetts, who has been visiting the Souza prison about every six weeks for the past 15 years and serves indigent prisoners there.   But, she added: "It is a very dangerous prison that is right now experiencing a veritable flood of opiates."   Officials said Hernandez, 25, is being processed at the maximum-security Massachusetts Correctional Institution-Cedar Junction in Walpole, just a handful of miles from Gillette Stadium, where he once played tight end for the New England Patriots under a five-year $40 million contract. 
Oakland is the largest city and the county seat of Alameda County, California, United States. A major West Coast port city, Oakland is the largest city in the East Bay region of the San Francisco Bay Area, the third largest city overall in the San Francisco Bay Area, the eighth largest city in California, and the 45th largest city in the United States, with a population of 419,267 . It serves as a trade center for the San Francisco Bay Area; its Port of Oakland is the busiest port in the San Francisco Bay, the entirety of Northern California, and the fifth busiest in the United States of America. The city was incorporated in 1852.   Oakland's territory covers what was once a mosaic of California coastal terrace prairie, oak woodland, and north coastal scrub. Its land served as a rich resource when its hillside oak and redwood timber were logged to build San Francisco, and Oakland's fertile flatland soils helped it become a prolific agricultural region. In the late 1860s, Oakland was selected as the western terminal of the Transcontinental Railroad. Following the 1906 San Francisco earthquake, many San Francisco citizens moved to Oakland, enlarging the city's population, increasing its housing stock and improving its infrastructure. It continued to grow in the 20th century with its busy port, shipyards, and a thriving automobile manufacturing industry.
Spiderman is one of the most famous comic book heroes of all time. He was created by Stan Lee in 1963 and was first introduced to the world in the pages of Marvel Comic Books. Spiderman's story is the story of Peter Parker, a child who lost his parents and lives with his aunt and uncle. Peter is a shy, quiet boy wearing glasses and has few friends. One day, on a high school class trip to a science lab, he gets bitten by a special spider. Soon Peter realizes he has amazing powers: he is as strong and quick as a spider and also has a type of sixth sense. He no longer needs his glasses and he can use his super power to fly through the city streets! Remembering something his Uncle Ben has told him _ ,Peter decides to use his powers to fight against enemies who do cruel things to people. And so, Spiderman is born. Life is not easy for Peter even though he is a superhero. He is in love with Mary Jane but he can't tell her about his amazing powers. Besides, his best friend Harry hates Spiderman! Peter is also short of money and time. He has to sell photos of Spiderman (himself!) to a newspaper and he keeps losing his other jobs because he's so busy saving people! Yet he has to fight against different kinds of cruel enemies.
The term Muslim world, also known as Islamic world and the Ummah (Arabic: أمة‎, meaning "nation" or "community") has different meanings. In a religious sense, the Islamic Ummah refers to those who adhere to the teachings of Islam, referred to as Muslims. In a cultural sense, the Muslim Ummah refers to Islamic civilization, exclusive of non-Muslims living in that civilization. In a modern geopolitical sense, the term "Islamic Nation" usually refers collectively to Muslim-majority countries, states, districts, or towns.   The Islamic Golden Age coincided with the Middle Ages in the Muslim world, starting with the rise of Islam and establishment of the first Islamic state in 622. The end of the age is variously given as 1258 with the Mongolian Sack of Baghdad, or 1492 with the completion of the Christian Reconquista of the Emirate of Granada in Al-Andalus, Iberian Peninsula. During the reign of the Abbasid caliph Harun ar-Rashid (786 to 809), the legendary House of Wisdom was inaugurated in Baghdad where scholars from various parts of the world sought to translate and gather all the known world's knowledge into Arabic. The Abbasids were influenced by the Quranic injunctions and hadiths, such as "the ink of a scholar is more holy than the blood of a martyr," that stressed the value of knowledge. The major Islamic capital cities of Baghdad, Cairo, and Córdoba became the main intellectual centers for science, philosophy, medicine, and education. During this period, the Muslim world was a collection of cultures; they drew together and advanced the knowledge gained from the ancient Greek, Roman, Persian, Chinese, Indian, Egyptian, and Phoenician civilizations.
A former hospital worker systematically shot and killed four people in upstate New York on Saturday, authorities in two counties said.   Former hospital worker Frank Garcia, 34, has been accused in the shooting rampage.   Frank Garcia, 34, was arrested Saturday afternoon. Garcia knew all four victims, police said, but they didn't reveal details about the relationships.   "The individuals who were shot were known to the suspect. It was not necessarily a random act," Monroe County Sheriff Patrick O'Flynn said.   The first two victims -- Mary Sillman, 23, and Randall Norman, 41 -- were fatally shot before 5 a.m. at Lakeside Memorial Hospital in Brockport, where Garcia was once employed, O'Flynn said. Another woman was wounded and is undergoing treatment at a nearby hospital, he said.   The second shooting happened at a house in nearby Ontario County on Saturday afternoon.   Christopher Glatz, 45, and his wife, Kim, 38, were killed "execution-style" while their two teenagers were in the suburban Rochester home, Ontario County Sheriff Philip Povero said.   The teens were not wounded, but it is unclear whether they witnessed the event.   Povero said neighbors reported Garcia went door-to-door looking for the Glatzes' home.   "He was in fact looking for the residence," Povero said. "He was saying different things to different people, but he was clearly looking for that home."   Ballistic evidence has connected the two crime scenes, Povero said. Investigators found the matching brass cartridges from a pistol found on Garcia when he was arrested, he said.   Garcia was arrested at a restaurant Saturday afternoon, CNN affiliate R-News in Rochester reported. 
Berlin is the capital and the largest city of Germany as well as one of its 16 constituent states. With a population of approximately 3.7 million, Berlin is the second most populous city proper in the European Union and the seventh most populous urban area in the European Union. Located in northeastern Germany on the banks of the rivers Spree and Havel, it is the centre of the Berlin-Brandenburg Metropolitan Region, which has roughly 6 million residents from more than 180 nations. Due to its location in the European Plain, Berlin is influenced by a temperate seasonal climate. Around one-third of the city's area is composed of forests, parks, gardens, rivers, canals and lakes.   First documented in the 13th century and situated at the crossing of two important historic trade routes, Berlin became the capital of the Margraviate of Brandenburg (14171701), the Kingdom of Prussia (1701–1918), the German Empire (1871–1918), the Weimar Republic (1919–1933) and the Third Reich (1933–1945). Berlin in the 1920s was the third largest municipality in the world. After World War II and its subsequent occupation by the victorious countries, the city was divided; East Berlin was declared capital of East Germany, while West Berlin became a de facto West German exclave, surrounded by the Berlin Wall (1961–1989) and East German territory. Following German reunification in 1990, Berlin once again became the capital of all of Germany.
Samantha Stosur stopped Caroline Wozniacki from clinching the year-end women's No. 1 tennis ranking with a shock 6-4 6-3 victory at the WTA Championships in Qatar on Wednesday night.   The Australian romped to her second straight victory in the Maroon Group, following her revenge win over French Open champion Francesca Schiavone on Tuesday.   The Roland Garros runner-up's kick serve was a potent weapon against Wozniacki, with the triumph giving the 26-year-old every chance of reaching the semifinals ahead of her final group match against Russia's Elena Dementieva on Thursday.   It was her second victory over a top-ranked player this year, having beaten Serena Williams on the way to reaching the final in Paris.   The fifth seed fired 26 winners to Wozniacki's 14, and could afford to serve two double-faults in the deciding game before the Dane returned a backhand long on her first match-point.   Wozniacki, who thrashed seventh seed Dementieva on Tuesday, will next take on Italy's Schiavone on Thursday.   Kim Clijsters, who won the $4.5 million season-ending event in 2002 and 2003, earlier triumphed in her opening White Group match 6-2 6-3 against fellow former No. 1 Jelena Jankovic despite serving 10 double-faults.   The Belgian, returning to action after having a mole cut off her foot, broke Jankovic to love in the first game of the match and then again in the seventh.   The three-time U.S. Open champion was less impressive in the second set but had enough to see off the Serbian, who is struggling with illness in the oppressive heat in Doha. 
Art lovers around the world have thought about this question for so many years: what is the secret behind the Mona Lisa's smile? However, they can ask Mona Lisa herself in the interactive exhibition in Beijing. This exhibition brings the 500-year-old painting to life. Now Leonardo da Vinci's famous painting can move her head and wave her hand in 3D, and even answer questions. She can answer the questions about her life, her age and so on. But when she talks she doesn't speak Italian but Chinese like: "Da jia hao, wo jiao Mengna Lisha. Hen gao xing jian dao ni men." The new, digital picture of Mona Lisa is the center piece of the World Classic Interactive Arts Exhibition in Beijing. You can also see other world-famous paintings such as Leonardo da Vinci's Last Supper. Last Supper is another picture that they made alive with 3D. In this picture, Jesus can walk and talk with his believers . It took the organizer Wang Hui and over 400 digital artists in South Korea two years to make the picture, at a cost of around 50 million yuan. He says, "What's special about it is that it's the first time to use computer technology to make her speak and move." So what does the Mona Lisa say if you ask her why she is smiling?
Serbia will face France in the final of the Davis Cup after a tense 3-2 semifinal victory over the Czech Republic in front of a passionate home support in Belgrade.   The Czechs led 2-1 after winning Saturday's doubles rubber, meaning the hosts had to claim victory in both reverse singles to secure their first-ever appearance in the final.   World number two Novak Djokovic, who missed Friday's opening singles with a stomach complaint, drew the two nations level at 2-2 when he recovered from the loss of the opening set to defeat Czech No.1 Tomas Berdych 4-6 6-3 6-2 6-4.   It completed a miserable weekend for Wimbledon finalist Berdych, who lost both of his singles rubbers.   That result means Janko Tipsarevic had to defeat the previously unbeaten Radek Stepanek to seal Serbia's final place and he did just that, winning 6-0 7-6 6-4 to send the 15,000 home supporters into raptures.   There was less drama in the other semifinal, where France completed their domination over Argentina with a 5-0 whitewash victory in Lyon.   The French led 3-0 going into the final day, meaning nothing rested on the results of the reverse singles rubbers.   However, Gilles Simon's 7-6 6-7 6-3 defeat of Eduardo Schwank meant the whitewash became a possibility -- and it was completed when Arnaud Clement beat Horacio Zeballos 7-5 6-1.   The victory ensures France, who dumped out holders Spain in the previous round, reached their first Davis Cup final since 2002.   
This summer Frank and his friends went to Boy Scout camp for two weeks. At camp they had lots of fun activities like swimming, wood carving, and telling ghost stories. At camp there weren't any restaurants or grocery stores, so for food they would have to make their own meals. One thing they could do is make peanut butter sandwiches, which every scout was given at the start of camp. But pretty soon everyone was sick of peanut butter sandwiches and wanted to eat something else instead. Some boys went out into the forest and picked out berries and roots that were safe to eat. Some boys even took out the boat and went fishing. They came back with a big fish that they cleaned and cooked themselves.   At first, Frank's mom was very worried about letting Frank go to camp. She was worried that he could get lost in the woods and be eaten by a bear. She was worried that he might get into a fight with the other boys. She was even worried that he wouldn't shower or take a bath for the whole two weeks. But Frank's scout masters explained to Frank's mom that the camp leaders were very serious about taking care of the campers and that everything would be perfectly safe for Frank. Frank promised to call home at least every two days. So in the end Frank's mom let Frank go to camp.
Logan had lots of toys. He had balls, dinosaurs, race cars, and even robots! Logan had so many toys he had a room for his toys. There he could play with whatever he wanted, when he wanted, and not even have to pick them back up. Logan had all kinds of balls. He had red ones, green ones, blue ones and even a pink one he hid from his sister. His robots were so cool they could change shape, fly, or race. Some even saved the world in his imagination. Logan loved his dinosaurs. He had one with big sharp teeth, one with little tiny arms, one with purple spots, and even one that his dad said didn't eat anything but plants and vegetables. Logan's favorite toys were his race cars. That was because when his dad came home from work he always went to the toy room with Logan to play with his race cars. Logan had so much fun he even lets his sister in his toy room so she can play dad too! The toy room was Logan's favorite room in the house. He spends all the time he can in his room with all his friends and family and he has so much fun.
Utah ( or ) is a state in the western United States. It became the 45th state admitted to the U.S. on January 4, 1896. Utah is the 13th-largest by area, 31st-most-populous, and 10th-least-densely populated of the 50 United States. Utah has a population of more than 3 million (Census estimate for July 1, 2016), approximately 80% of whom live along the Wasatch Front, centering on the state capital Salt Lake City. Utah is bordered by Colorado to the east, Wyoming to the northeast, Idaho to the north, Arizona to the south, and Nevada to the west. It also touches a corner of New Mexico in the southeast.   Approximately 62% of Utahns are reported to be members of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints or LDS (Mormons), which greatly influences Utahn culture and daily life. The LDS Church's world headquarters is located in Salt Lake City. Utah is the only state with a majority population belonging to a single church.   The state is a center of transportation, education, information technology and research, government services, mining, and a major tourist destination for outdoor recreation. In 2013, the U.S. Census Bureau estimated that Utah had the second fastest-growing population of any state. St. George was the fastest-growing metropolitan area in the United States from 2000 to 2005. Utah also has the 14th highest median average income and the least income inequality of any U.S. state. A 2012 Gallup national survey found Utah overall to be the "best state to live in" based on 13 forward-looking measurements including various economic, lifestyle, and health-related outlook metrics.
The Legion of Honour, full name, National Order of the Legion of Honour (), is the highest French order of merit for military and civil merits, established in 1802 by Napoléon Bonaparte.   The order's motto is ' ("Honour and Fatherland") and its seat is the next to the Musée d'Orsay, on the left bank of the River Seine in Paris.   The order is divided into five degrees of increasing distinction: ' (Knight), ' (Officer), ' (Commander), ' (Grand Officer) and " (Grand Cross).   In the French Revolution, all of the French orders of chivalry were abolished, and replaced with Weapons of Honour. It was the wish of Napoleon Bonaparte, the First Consul, to create a reward to commend civilians and soldiers and from this wish was instituted a "", a body of men that was not an order of chivalry, for Napoleon believed France wanted a recognition of merit rather than a new system of nobility. The however did use the organization of old French orders of chivalry for example the "Ordre de Saint-Louis". The badges of the legion also bear a resemblance to the , which also used a red ribbon.   Napoleon originally created this to ensure political loyalty. The organization would be used as a facade to give political favours, gifts, and concessions. The was loosely patterned after a Roman legion, with legionaries, officers, commanders, regional "cohorts" and a grand council. The highest rank was not a grand cross but a " (grand eagle), a rank that wore all the insignia common to grand crosses. The members were paid, the highest of them extremely generously:
A music genre is a conventional category that identifies some pieces of music as belonging to a shared tradition or set of conventions. It is to be distinguished from "musical form" and "musical style", although in practice these terms are sometimes used interchangeably. Recently, academics have argued that categorizing music by genre is inaccurate and outdated.   Music can be divided into different genres in many different ways. The artistic nature of music means that these classifications are often subjective and controversial, and some genres may overlap. There are even varying academic definitions of the term "genre "itself. In his book "Form in Tonal Music", Douglass M. Green distinguishes between genre and form. He lists madrigal, motet, canzona, ricercar, and dance as examples of genres from the Renaissance period. To further clarify the meaning of "genre", Green writes, "Beethoven's Op. 61 and Mendelssohn's Op. 64 are identical in genre – both are violin concertos – but different in form. However, Mozart's Rondo for Piano, K. 511, and the "Agnus Dei" from his Mass, K. 317 are quite different in genre but happen to be similar in form." Some, like Peter van der Merwe, treat the terms "genre" and "style" as the same, saying that "genre" should be defined as pieces of music that share a certain style or "basic musical language." Others, such as Allan F. Moore, state that "genre" and "style" are two separate terms, and that secondary characteristics such as subject matter can also differentiate between genres. A music genre or subgenre may also be defined by the musical techniques, the style, the cultural context, and the content and spirit of the themes. Geographical origin is sometimes used to identify a music genre, though a single geographical category will often include a wide variety of subgenres. Timothy Laurie argues that since the early 1980s, "genre has graduated from being a subset of popular music studies to being an almost ubiquitous framework for constituting and evaluating musical research objects".
Karachi (; ALA-LC: , ; ) is the capital of the Pakistani province of Sindh. It is the most populous city in Pakistan, sixth most populous city proper in the world and the 8th most populous metropolitan city in the world. Ranked as a beta world city, the city is Pakistan's premier industrial and financial centre. Karachi is also Pakistan's most cosmopolitan city. Situated on the Arabian Sea, Karachi serves as a transport hub, and is home to two of Pakistan's two largest seaports, the Port of Karachi and Port Bin Qasim, as well as the busiest airport in Pakistan.   Though the Karachi region has been inhabited for millennia, the city was founded as a fortified village named "Kolachi" in 1729. The settlement drastically increased in importance with the arrival of British East India company in the mid 19th century, who not only embarked on major works to transform the city into a major seaport, but also connected it with their extensive railway network. By the time of the Partition of British India, the city was the largest in Sindh with an estimated population of 400,000. Following the independence of Pakistan, the city's population increased dramatically with the arrival of hundreds of thousands of Muslim refugees from India. The city experienced rapid economic growth following independence, attracting migrants from throughout Pakistan and South Asia.
I'm writing this letter slowly because I know you can't read fast. We don't live where we did when you left home. Your dad read in the newspaper that most accidents happened within 20 miles from our home, so we moved.   I won't be able to send you the address because the last family that lived here took the house numbers when they moved so that they wouldn't have to change their address. This place is really nice. It even has a washing machine. I'm not sure it works so well though: last week I put a load in and pulled the chain and haven't seen them since. The weather isn't bad here. It only rained twice last week; the first time for three days and the second time for four days. About that coat you wanted me to send you, your uncle Stanley said it would be too heavy to send in the mail with the buttons on so we cut them off and put them in the pockets.   John locked his keys in the car yesterday. We were really worried because it took him two hours to get me and your father out. Your sister had a baby this morning, but I haven't found out what _ is yet. The baby looks just like your brother.   Uncle Ted fell in a whiskey vat last week. Some men tried to pull him out, but he fought them off playfully and drowned. We had him cremated and he burned for three days.   Three of your friends went off a bridge in a pick-up trunk. Ralph was driving. He rolled down the window and swam to safety. You other two friends were in back. They drowned because they couldn't get the tail gate down.   There isn't much more news at this time. Nothing much has happened.   Love,   Mom   P.S. I was going to send you some money but the envelope was already sealed.
The Federated States of Micronesia (; abbreviated FSM and also known simply as Micronesia) is an independent sovereign island nation and a United States associated state consisting of four states from west to east, Yap, Chuuk, Pohnpei and Kosraethat are spread across the Western Pacific Ocean. Together, the states comprise around 607 islands (a combined land area of approximately ) that cover a longitudinal distance of almost just north of the equator. They lie northeast of New Guinea, south of Guam and the Marianas, west of Nauru and the Marshall Islands, east of Palau and the Philippines, about north of eastern Australia and some southwest of the main islands of Hawaii.   While the FSM's total land area is quite small, it occupies more than of the Pacific Ocean, giving the country the 14th largest Exclusive Economic Zone in the world. The capital is Palikir, located on Pohnpei Island, while the largest city is Weno, located in the Chuuk Atoll.   Each of its four states is centered on one or more main high islands, and all but Kosrae include numerous outlying atolls. The Federated States of Micronesia is spread across part of the Caroline Islands in the wider region of Micronesia, which consists of thousands of small islands divided among several countries. The term "Micronesia" may refer to the Federated States or to the region as a whole.
Ibn Rushd (; 14 April 1126 – 10 December 1198), full name (), often Latinized as Averroes (), was a medieval Andalusian polymath. He wrote on logic, Aristotelian and Islamic philosophy, theology, the Maliki school of Islamic jurisprudence, psychology, political and Andalusian classical music theory, geography, mathematics, and the mediæval sciences of medicine, astronomy, physics, and celestial mechanics. Ibn Rushd was born in Córdoba, Al Andalus (present-day Spain), and died at Marrakesh in present-day Morocco. His body was interred in his family tomb at Córdoba. The 13th-century philosophical movement in Latin Christian and Jewish tradition based on Ibn Rushd's work is called Averroism.   Ibn Rushd was a defender of Aristotelian philosophy against Ash'ari theologians led by Al-Ghazali. Although highly regarded as a legal scholar of the Maliki school of Islamic law, Ibn Rushd's philosophical ideas were considered controversial in Ash'arite Muslim circles. Whereas al-Ghazali believed that any individual act of a natural phenomenon occurred only because God willed it to happen, Ibn Rushd insisted phenomena followed natural laws that God created.   Ibn Rushd had a greater impact on Christian Europe, being known by the "the Commentator" for his detailed emendations to Aristotle. Latin translations of Ibn Rushd's work led the way to the popularization of Aristotle.
Omaha is the largest city in the state of Nebraska and the county seat of Douglas County. Omaha is located in the Midwestern United States on the Missouri River, about north of the mouth of the Platte River. Omaha is the anchor of the Omaha-Council Bluffs metropolitan area, which includes Council Bluffs, Iowa, across the Missouri River from Omaha. According to the 2010 census, Omaha's population was 408,958, making it the nation's 44th-largest city; this had increased to 446,970 as of a 2016 estimate. Including its suburbs, Omaha formed the 60th-largest metropolitan area in the United States in 2013, with an estimated population of 895,151 residing in eight counties. The Omaha-Council Bluffs-Fremont, Nebraska-IA Combined Statistical Area is 931,667, according to the U.S. Census Bureau's 2013 estimate. Nearly 1.3 million people reside within the Greater Omaha area, comprising a 50-mile (80 km) radius of Downtown Omaha, the city's center.   Omaha's pioneer period began in 1854, when the city was founded by speculators from neighboring Council Bluffs, Iowa. The city was founded along the Missouri River, and a crossing called Lone Tree Ferry earned the city its nickname, the "Gateway to the West". Omaha introduced this new West to the world in 1898, when it played host to the World's Fair, dubbed the Trans-Mississippi Exposition. During the 19th century, Omaha's central location in the United States spurred the city to become an important national transportation hub. Throughout the rest of the 19th century, the transportation and jobbing sectors were important in the city, along with its railroads and breweries. In the 20th century, the Omaha Stockyards, once the world's largest, and its meatpacking plants gained international prominence.
In 50 years of traveling, Colin McCorpuodale has visited every country in the world except three. And everywhere he goes, he sends himself a postcard. He always chooses a postcard with beautiful scenery . Usually he writes just a short message to himself. However, he wrote an interesting story on his latest one, from the Malians Island. Mr. McCorpuodale lives in London. On one of the walls in his room, you can see a large map of the world. There are hundreds of little red pins stuck in it. "These pins mean a lot to me." says Mr. McCorpuodale, "I follow the rule. I'm allowed to stick one in only if I've been in a place for more than 24 hours." Naturally, Mr. McCorpuodale has his favorite places. New Zealand, he describes as "a wonderful country". About China, he says, "This is the country in the world which is completely different. There is no European influence." Wherever he goes, Mr. McCorpuodale takes with him a photo of his wife, a candle, a shirt with a secret pocket and a pen. So why does he do it? For the postcards or the travels? Mr. McCorpuodale laughs, "Neither. Only for the meaningful life."
Alexis Murphy was last seen at a gas station earlier this month, and though police have arrested a suspect in her abduction, his attorney tells a CNN affiliate his client split ways with the 17-year-old after a drug deal.   Her disappearance set off a search that extended for 30 miles outside of Lovingston, Virginia, and involved helicopters, search parties with canine units, the Nelson County Sheriff's Office, Virginia State Police and FBI.   Alexis left her Shipman, Virginia, home to visit Lynchburg on August 3, and police have surveillance video showing her at a Lovingston gas station, according to affiliate WVIR-TV in Charlottesville.   Randy Taylor, 48, was seen on the video and was arrested in her abduction Sunday, police told CNN affiliate WRC-TV, but Taylor's attorney, Michael Hallahan, told WVIR that Taylor was arrested because they found one of Alexis' hairs in his camper.   The attorney also told WVIR his client wasn't the last person to see Alexis and that police need to be looking for a "black male, mid- to late-20s, cornrows and a 20-year-old burgundy Caprice with 22-inch wheels."   Taylor saw the girl the night she disappeared, the lawyer said. They were both parked at the gas pumps, and Alexis made a reference to smoking marijuana, Hallahan said. Taylor told her he'd like some marijuana, the attorney said.   "She said, 'I know a guy.' She told him to meet at another location in Lovingston and they rode up there in both cars," the lawyer told the station.   That "guy," Alexis and Taylor all took separate cars to Taylor's camper in Lovingston, where Taylor bought $60 worth of marijuana. The men smoked and drank together, but Murphy did not, the attorney said. 
I hated writing thank-you notes as a child, but I had no choice: My mother was adamant about honoring other people's kindness and generosity. But now after a childhood spent crafting those notes, the music of gratitude flows naturally from me.   I hire Brant to build an arbor around my front door. I drew it exactly as I wanted, and he realized my vision perfectly. Surprised at how the arbor's beauty uplifted me every time I stepped into my house, I called Brant a few weeks after the arbor went up. He answered the phone defensively.   "What can I do for you?" he asked, his voice cold and distant.   "You can say, 'You're welcome,' " I responded.   "I don't understand," Brant shot back.   "I am calling to say 'Thank you.' ''   Silence.   "What do you mean?" he asked.   "I love my arbor, and I wanted you to know how much I appreciate your work."   More silence.   "I've been doing this work for 20 years, and no one has ever called to thank me for it," said Brant. "People only call me when they have problems." He was doubtful.   I also had a similar experience with L.J. He answered my questions, didn't push, and gave me space to think and decide. I wrote to let him know that he completely exceeded my expectations of what a beat-them-down car sales experience would be like, and that I was happy with my car choice. L.J. called me a few days later. He said that this was the first thank-you note in the history of the dealership.   Are we really living in an age when feedback only closes with complaint? It seems to me that when we focus on problems, we only have dissatisfaction and complaint. But when we focus on celebrating goodness, we are likely to turn it into something positive.
Because plants cannot move or talk, most people believe that they have no feelings and that they cannot receive signals from outside. However, this may not be completely true.   People who studied plants have found out that plants carry a small electrical charge . It is possible to measure this charge with a small piece of equipment called "galvanometer". The galvanometer is placed on a leaf off the plant, and it records any changes in the electrical field of the leaf. Humans have a similar field which can change when we are shocked or frightened.   A man called Backster used a galvanometer for his studies of plants and was very surprised at his results. He found that if he had two or more plants in a room and he began to destroy one of them - perhaps by pulling off its leaves or by pulling it out of its pot - then the galvanometer on the leaves of the other plants showed a change in the electrical field. It seemed as if the plants were signalling a feeling of shock. This happened not only when Backster started to destroy plants, but also when he destroyed other living things such as insects .   Backster said that the plants also knew if someone had destroyed a living thing some distance away, because they signalled when a man who had just cut down a tree entered the room.   Another scientist, named Sauvin, achieved similar results to Backster's. He kept galvanometers fixed to his plants all the time and checked regularly to see what the plants were doing. If he was out of the office, he telephoned to find out about the signals the plants were sending. In this way, he found that the plants were sending out signals at the exact times when he felt strong pleasure or pain. In fact, Sauvin could cause a change in the electrical field of his plants over a distance of a few miles simply by thinking about them.
When we talk about red packets, the most important question is "What are you going to do with it?" One thing you could do is to put your money in the bank. Maybe you don't know, some students in Hubei began to use the Xiaogui Dangjia bank card this year. This is a card for children. It is from China Minsheng Bank in Wuhan. Wang Ming is a 14-year-old junior student in Wuhan. He said "All my pocket money has a place to go now. I can pay my own school fees ." Zhu Yu, a manager of Minsheng Bank, said that they knew lots of students who didn't know how to use their money. So they wanted them to know how to use it carefully. Parents worry that children don't know how to take care of the money by themselves. Shen qiangqiang's mother like the card very much. Shen was asking his mother for a computer for a long time, but his mother didn't buy it for him. She said, "We want him to use his card to save money for the computer. If we buy everything he asks for, he will think money comes too easily, and he won't work hard for it." Today, there are many different kinds of bank cards. They are from different banks. People put their money in them. Then they can use their money at any time. People can do many things with bank cards. They can wash cars, go shopping, eat delicious food and travel to other places with the money in their bank cards. The most important thing is not "How much did you get?" It is necessary for everyone to learn how to save your money and use your money correctly.
Oliver is a cat. He has a sister called Spike. Oliver and Spike like to play outside. They chase bugs in the backyard. When they get tired, they sleep in the sun. They don't like to go outside when it is raining. On rainy days Oliver and Spike sit in the window. They watch the rain through the window. Oliver is big and has grey and white fur. His nose is pink. Spike is small and has grey fur. Her nose is the same color as her fur. Spike is round. Oliver is tall. Oliver likes to eat. He worries when there is no food in his bowl. Spike likes to roll in dirt. Sometimes she is smelly. At Christmas time they like to play with the Christmas tree and presents. Oliver climbs the Christmas tree and breaks ornaments. Spike plays with the presents and unwraps them with her claws.
A man has been charged with a federal hate crime in connection with what authorities say was a racially motivated "knockout" assault against an elderly black man, the U.S. Justice Department said Thursday.   Conrad Alvin Barrett, 27, of Katy, Texas, has been charged with one count of violating the Matthew Shepard and James Byrd Jr. Hate Crimes Prevention Act.   According to the federal complaint, Barrett attacked the 79-year-old man "because of the man's race and color." He will next appear in court Friday afternoon for a detention hearing.   The suspect made a video of the attack November 24, the complaint said. In the video, he allegedly commented that "the plan is to see if I were to hit a black person, would this be nationally televised?"   He then allegedly "hit the man with such force that the man immediately fell to the ground. Barrett then laughed and said 'knockout,' as he ran to his vehicle and fled."   The victim suffered two jaw fractures and was hospitalized for several days, the complaint said.   Barrett's attorney, George Parnham, told CNN the affidavit does not "pull back the layers of mental health."   His client has bipolar disorder and takes medication, Parnham said in an earlier call.   Parnham said he could not state whether his client carried out the attack, but, "mental health issues definitely played a part in anything that occurred."   Barrett "is very sorry for this person," Parnham said, adding that he and his client haven't had much opportunity to discuss the facts of the case. 
Raleigh (/ˈrɑːli/; RAH-lee) is the capital of the state of North Carolina as well as the seat of Wake County in the United States. It is the second most populous city in North Carolina, after Charlotte. Raleigh is known as the "City of Oaks" for its many oak trees, which line the streets in the heart of the city. The city covers a land area of 142.8 square miles (370 km2). The U.S. Census Bureau estimated the city's population to be 439,896 as of July 1, 2014. It is also one of the fastest-growing cities in the country. The city of Raleigh is named after Sir Walter Raleigh, who established the lost Roanoke Colony in present-day Dare County.   Raleigh is home to North Carolina State University and is part of the Research Triangle area, together with Durham (home of Duke University) and Chapel Hill (home of the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill). The "Triangle" nickname originated after the 1959 creation of the Research Triangle Park, located in Durham & Wake Counties partway between the three cities and their universities. The Research Triangle region encompasses the U.S. Census Bureau's Raleigh-Durham-Chapel Hill Combined Statistical Area (CSA), which had an estimated population of 2,037,430 in 2013. The Raleigh Metropolitan Statistical Area (MSA) had an estimated population of 1,214,516 in 2013.
Tony Hawken, 57, is divorcing his wife Xiu Li, 51, Britain's wealthiest woman entrepreneur , because he says he doesn't like being rich and is 'not in the habit' of spending lots of money.   The pair traded up their semi-detached home in South Norwood, London, and bought a PS1.5million house in Surrey.   Li, who is now worth $1.2billion (PS700million) according to Forbes, quickly settled into a life which included sipping a PS900 bottle of wine on a luxurious yacht.   However, Mr Hawken says he felt more comfortable getting lunch in his local Wetherspoon's.   Despite his sudden wealth he continued to buy books from charity shops, and _ dear clothes.   In an interview with The Times, he said: 'I think it made me uncomfortable because I'm not in the habit, I don't like spending lots of money -- I've been brought up that way.   'Until recently I was never a wealthy person. I've been moderately comfortable because I have been careful with my money.'   Now the couple have decided to part, Mr Hawken will walk away with just PS1million, but says it will be enough for him.   He added: 'I have got a settlement which is not great, but it's enough for me because I don't have an extravagant lifestyle. I won't have to work if I'm careful.'   On a recent trip to China, Mr Hawken said his wife took him on a yacht and treated him to a PS900 bottle of wine, but he prefers his local Wetherspoon pub.   'I'm getting a little pay when you consider her potential wealth, but I don't really want to fight it.'   Mr Hawken met Li on a blind date while he was still a teacher and she was studying English.   The couple married, but as Li's business took off the couple spent more and more time apart. Mr Hawken says the couple have spent most of the relationship apart.   Far from driving them apart, Mr Hawken believes the distance kept them together, and says they would have divorced a long time ago if they were under the same roof.   Mr Hawken says his only regret is not getting a divorce sooner, but he didn't push for it over fears it would affect the couple's teenage son William, now 17.   Mr Hawken no longer teaches full-time, but instead gives free tuition to under-privileged children.
Easter eggs, also called Paschal eggs, are decorated eggs that are usually used as gifts on the occasion of Easter or springtime celebration. As such, Easter eggs are common during the season of Eastertide (Easter season). The oldest tradition is to use dyed and painted chicken eggs, but a modern custom is to substitute chocolate eggs wrapped in colourful foil, or plastic eggs filled with confectionery such as chocolate. Although eggs, in general, were a traditional symbol of fertility and rebirth, in Christianity, for the celebration of Eastertide, Easter eggs symbolize the empty tomb of Jesus, from which Jesus resurrected. In addition, one ancient tradition was the staining of Easter eggs with the colour red "in memory of the blood of Christ, shed as at that time of his crucifixion." This custom of the Easter egg can be traced to early Christians of Mesopotamia, and from there it spread into Russia and Siberia through the Orthodox Churches, and later into Europe through the Catholic and Protestant Churches. This Christian use of eggs may have been influenced by practices in "pre-dynastic period in Egypt, as well as amid the early cultures of Mesopotamia and Crete".   The practice of decorating eggshells as part of spring rituals is ancient, with decorated, engraved ostrich eggs found in Africa which are 60,000 years old. In the pre-dynastic period of Egypt and the early cultures of Mesopotamia and Crete, eggs were associated with death and rebirth, as well as with kingship, with decorated ostrich eggs, and representations of ostrich eggs in gold and silver, were commonly placed in graves of the ancient Sumerians and Egyptians as early as 5,000 years ago. These cultural relationships may have influenced early Christian and Islamic cultures in those areas, as well as through mercantile, religious, and political links from those areas around the Mediterranean.
Sandra Bullock is one of the highest-profile actresses in Hollywood and also one of the world's most photographed moms. It's hard to pick up a tabloid that doesn't feature a photo of the Oscar-winner with her adopted 3-year-old son, Louis Bardot. And now Bullock is speaking out in support of a new law that increases penalties for paparazzi harassing the children of celebrities.   "We are fair game, I get it," Bullock told CNN at her handprint and footprint ceremony outside the TCL Chinese Theatre in Hollywood on Wednesday. "Children should be allowed to be children and not be sold. You're taking a picture of a child and selling it!"   California Gov. Jerry Brown on Tuesday signed the bill, which increases the penalties for intentional harassment of a child because of their parents' employment.   The effort gained momentum after actresses Halle Berry and Jennifer Garner testified before the California Assembly Judiciary Committee in August to support the bill. The pair opened up about the hellish conditions faced by their children as a result of aggressive paparazzi.   Nicole Kidman knocked down by photog   Bullock commends the two on their fight.   "I think it's brilliant," she explains."The girls worked so hard, the attorney worked so hard, and I think it's a good sign."   According to a release from the governor's office, the new law "increases the maximum jail time for harassment of a child or ward because of the person's employment from six months in the county jail to a year in the county jail." 
John was in the third grade, and nine years old. Every day he had to walk home from school. There were some kids in his class who were mean to him, and during the winter they would throw snowballs at him. John could have told the teacher, but one of the kids was a very pretty girl. She was mean, but John liked her because she was pretty and did not want her to get in trouble.   One day, his teacher asked John to stay after class to wipe off the chalkboard and to empty the pencil sharpener. By the time he was done, the other kids had gone home. They could no longer throw snowballs at him. John did not mind helping out his teacher, and he soon stayed after class every day.   John was not very good at math, and sometimes his teacher would help him when he stayed after school. She said if John could help her out for at least two weeks, he could pass his math class. John thought it was a good deal, and ended up being much better at math.
Copenhagen is the capital and most populous city of Denmark. The city has a population of 763,908 (), of whom 601,448 live in the Municipality of Copenhagen. The larger urban area has a population of 1,280,371 (), while the Copenhagen metropolitan area has just over 2 million inhabitants. Copenhagen is situated on the eastern coast of the island of Zealand; another small portion of the city is located on Amager, and is separated from Malmö, Sweden, by the strait of Øresund. The Øresund Bridge connects the two cities by rail and road.   Originally a Viking fishing village founded in the 10th century, Copenhagen became the capital of Denmark in the early 15th century. Beginning in the 17th century it consolidated its position as a regional centre of power with its institutions, defences and armed forces. After suffering from the effects of plague and fire in the 18th century, the city underwent a period of redevelopment. This included construction of the prestigious district of Frederiksstaden and founding of such cultural institutions as the Royal Theatre and the Royal Academy of Fine Arts. After further disasters in the early 19th century when Nelson attacked the Dano-Norwegian fleet and bombarded the city, rebuilding during the Danish Golden Age brought a Neoclassical look to Copenhagen's architecture. Later, following the Second World War, the Finger Plan fostered the development of housing and businesses along the five urban railway routes stretching out from the city centre.
My name is Sandra. Let me tell you the story of the best meal I ever had.   I was sitting on the school bench outside Springfield Elementary School, waiting to pick up my granddaughter. She is a real cutie, and I am very proud of her grades. To pass the time, I played my triangle. In my youth, I was a triangle player in a large New York band, the Black Triangles. We all wore full black costumes every time we played.   "What lovely triangle music! You make me think of a friend I had once upon a time."   A strange lady, about my age, was standing next to me, talking! She was holding a trumpet. It turns out the strange lady was my old friend and Black Triangle trumpet player Matilda. We hadn't seen each other since New York. Matilda told me she wanted to keep in touch, but couldn't remember what I looked like! We found out that all we remembered were the black costumes we always wore! It turns out; Matilda was also there to pick someone up from school.   "Well, Sandra, why don't you join me and my grandson for lunch? There is a lovely Thai place right down the road.'   We went there with my granddaughter and her grandson, and had a delicious meal. Our grandchildren got married 15 years later.
Once upon a time, there was a little white mouse that lived on a farm. He liked to hide in the hay stacks where it was warm through the day and night. On cold winter days, he would wiggle out from the hay stack to get closer to the lamp in the barn, getting some extra warmth. One winter day, the mouse was very cold, but needed something to eat. He left the hay stack, and ran past the lamp. He ran across an old wood board that was laying on top of the snow - the mouse didn't have mittens and wanted to keep his feet warm. He ran and ran until he couldn't any longer. The cold weather was keeping every living thing inside, so the mouse was all alone. He walked towards the house and met a little bug named Fred. Fred told the mouse that he went inside and found lots of crumbs to eat on the kitchen floor. The mouse waited until the farmer's wife, Julie, came out the back door, and then the mouse ran into the kitchen. There were bread crumbs everywhere! The mouse ate as many as he could before anyone found him. He heard the back door open again, and hid under the oven. It was warm there - there must have been a pie baking. Farmer Bill liked pies more than bread, cake, or cookies. The mouse stayed there to warm up, then ran back to the barn to sleep for the night.
When he was a teenager, Hunter Adam was very unhappy and he spent many years in a special hospital for people with mental health problems. When he left the hospital, Adam decided to become a doctor, so he went to a medical school in Virginia, USA. But when he was there, he did things in a different way. For example, he didn't like the doctor's white coats, so he wore shirts with flowers on them when he visited his patients and he tried to make them laugh. The doctors at the medical school didn't like Adams because he was too different. But Adams believed that people in hospital need more than medicine. He saw unhappy and lonely people, and he tried to help them as patients, but as people too. He spent a lot of time with children in the hospital and often dressed up like a clown to make the children laugh When he finished medical school and become a doctor, Adams opened his own hospital, called "the Gusundheit Institute",together with some other doctors. They wanted it to be a place with a different way of working with sick people. Hunter Adams became famous during the 1980s, and in 1988, Universal Pictures made a film about his life. It was very successful. In the film, Robin Williams played Adams. Williams said,:"hunter is a really warm person, who believes that patients need a doctor who is a friend. I enjoyed playing him."
Walter owns three Italian restaurants which are running very well in Rhode Island in America. Every day his restaurants welcome crowds of customers all over the world. He studied to be a cook, but he sees now that his success is the result of a lifetime education. When he opened his first restaurant, all of a sudden his schooling knowledge , the history of his family and his ethics of his father _ . It made him a person who studied and explored the secrets in the food business. Walter's learning never stops. He says " The food business is one where you need to stay on top. Cooks should be trained. You have to keep on studying or you will be left behind." So he spent more time in reading. Every time he gets new ideas from the book, he brings them into his work. Walter also has a clear understanding about success. That is he would like to be remembered as a person who is creative, who believes in the Italian cooking culture in America. Food is like a bridge connecting to the past, to the family and to the country. He says "Success to me is not how much money I make, but if at the end of the day I am able to make fifteen or twenty customers happy, I'm a happy man."
Teary Joe was a boy with a special ability: he could make himself cry in less than a second. If he disliked something, or things became difficult, Teary Joe would not hesitate to put on a pitiful face and set great big tears running down his cheeks. In this way he managed to get practically everything he wanted, because no one could resist the pity inspired by his tearful little face.   But one day, Teary Joe met Pipo. Pipo was asking people in the street for some change, in return for him helping them in any way he could. Pipo was very poor; he had no home and no family, so he made a living however he could. Even so, Pipo always had the biggest smiles on his face.   Joe took to Pipo, so he decided to help him out in making some money. He went over next to Pipo, took off his hat, put it face-up on the ground, and started crying with the most pitiful of expressions. Ina few minutes, Joe's hat was full of coins and sweets, but when Joe offered all this to Pipo, Pipo declined. "I prefer deserving what I receive," answered Pipo with his usual smile, "It's much more fun making an effort to get things. Maybe I haven't gotten everything I've wanted, but I've done a load of interesting things." Teary Joe didn't answer; he just walked sadly away. Joe had got everything he wanted, but he'd done practically nothing of interest the whole day.   That evening, having returned home, Joe requested a delicious cake for his supper. When his mother said no, Joe tried to cry but, remembering Pipo and how joyful he was, he tried to get the cake in some other way. Joe spent the whole evening helping his mother to water the plants and organize the library books.   In the end there was no cake. But that wasn't so bad, because Joe discovered it had been much more fun doing all those things that evening rather than just sitting crying to get a piece of cake that, in the end, wouldn't have been worth it.
Microsoft Word is a word processor developed by Microsoft. It was first released on October 25, 1983 under the name "Multi-Tool Word" for Xenix systems. Subsequent versions were later written for several other platforms including IBM PCs running DOS (1983), Apple Macintosh running Classic Mac OS (1985), AT&T Unix PC (1985), Atari ST (1988), OS/2 (1989), Microsoft Windows (1989), SCO Unix (1994), and macOS (2001). Commercial versions of Word are licensed as a standalone product or as a component of Microsoft Office, Windows RT or the discontinued Microsoft Works suite. Microsoft Word Viewer and Office Online are freeware editions of Word with limited features.   In 1981, Microsoft hired Charles Simonyi, the primary developer of Bravo, the first GUI word processor, which was developed at Xerox PARC. Simonyi started work on a word processor called "Multi-Tool Word" and soon hired Richard Brodie, a former Xerox intern, who became the primary software engineer.   Microsoft announced Multi-Tool Word for Xenix and MS-DOS in 1983. Its name was soon simplified to "Microsoft Word". Free demonstration copies of the application were bundled with the November 1983 issue of "PC World", making it the first to be distributed on-disk with a magazine. That year Microsoft demonstrated Word running on Windows.
Tony Hawken, 57, is divorcing his wife Xiu Li, 51, Britain's wealthiest woman entrepreneur , because he says he doesn't like being rich and is 'not in the habit' of spending lots of money.   The pair traded up their semi-detached home in South Norwood, London, and bought a PS1.5million house in Surrey.   Li, who is now worth $1.2billion (PS700million) according to Forbes, quickly settled into a life which included sipping a PS900 bottle of wine on a luxurious yacht.   However, Mr Hawken says he felt more comfortable getting lunch in his local Wetherspoon's.   Despite his sudden wealth he continued to buy books from charity shops, and _ dear clothes.   In an interview with The Times, he said: 'I think it made me uncomfortable because I'm not in the habit, I don't like spending lots of money -- I've been brought up that way.   'Until recently I was never a wealthy person. I've been moderately comfortable because I have been careful with my money.'   Now the couple have decided to part, Mr Hawken will walk away with just PS1million, but says it will be enough for him.   He added: 'I have got a settlement which is not great, but it's enough for me because I don't have an extravagant lifestyle. I won't have to work if I'm careful.'   On a recent trip to China, Mr Hawken said his wife took him on a yacht and treated him to a PS900 bottle of wine, but he prefers his local Wetherspoon pub.   'I'm getting a little pay when you consider her potential wealth, but I don't really want to fight it.'   Mr Hawken met Li on a blind date while he was still a teacher and she was studying English.   The couple married, but as Li's business took off the couple spent more and more time apart. Mr Hawken says the couple have spent most of the relationship apart.   Far from driving them apart, Mr Hawken believes the distance kept them together, and says they would have divorced a long time ago if they were under the same roof.   Mr Hawken says his only regret is not getting a divorce sooner, but he didn't push for it over fears it would affect the couple's teenage son William, now 17.   Mr Hawken no longer teaches full-time, but instead gives free tuition to under-privileged children.
(EW.com) -- Identity Thief (CinemaScore: B) fared even better than expected, bringing in $36.6 million over the weekend across 3,141 theaters. For comparison, Melissa McCarthy's last major film Bridesmaids (though it was in a supporting role) opened at $26.2 million, in 2,918 theaters. With an opening like this, big things are surely expected from Seth Gordon's R-rated comedy which has already surpassed its $35 million production budget. Though Bateman and Gordon had a successful run with Horrible Bosses after a $28.3 million opening weekend in July 2011, Bateman hasn't had this kind of luck with most of his starring roles. Universal's The Change-Up (with Ryan Reynolds) opened at $13.5 million in August 2011 and went on to gross only $37.1 million domestically, on a $52 million production budget.   Jonathan Levine's Warm Bodies took second place for its second weekend with $11.5 million, bringing its domestic total to $36.7 million. This breaks Levine's record, beating the lifetime domestic gross of his last feature, the cancer dramedy 50/50 with Seth Rogen and Joseph Gordon-Levitt, which brought in $35 million.   The R-rated Hitchcock-style, prescription-drug thriller Side Effects (CinemaScore: B) ended up beating director Steven Soderbergh's January 2012 weekend opening of Haywire, earning $10 million weekend this weekend and averaging $3,845 per theater. We talked a little bit about stars Rooney Mara and Channing Tatum's box office history yesterday. Another star of Side Effects is Jude Law, and he's got a varied track record at the box office. He generally participates in ensemble casts -- Anna Karenina, the Sherlock Holmes franchise, Soderbergh's Contagion, The Holiday -- making his singular box office appeal somewhat more elusive. Side Effects has Soderbergh's name and another strong ensemble, and could go on to a respectable run, even though it won't reach Contagion heights (the epidemic thriller eventually grossed $76 million). 
Leah and the Big Yellow Dog   Leah was very happy. It was a bright, sunny day and Mommy was taking her to Leah's favorite place. Leah loved the play park near the water!   Mommy parked the car and Leah ran out right away and climbed the big slide. Up she went and then down. Two other kids saw Leah and ran over and slid down, too. Leah was laughing and happy.   Suddenly a big, yellow dog walked into the park. This was really a friendly dog, and only wanted someone to play with. But Leah was scared of dogs.   Leah didn't see the dog at first. Leah started walking toward the swing, and the dog followed Leah. Before Leah sat on the on the swing, she turned around and saw the dog smiling at her. The dog looked goofy standing there with its mouth open.   Leah was scared. She started yelling and screaming. This only made the dog look confused. The dog then began sounding out with Leah, barking and howling itself. They were a sight to see with Leah screaming and the dog howling.   Mommy went over and took Leah away from the dog, but mommy could barely keep herself from laughing. The dog's master came and got the dog, and Leah went back to playing. "Some dogs are nice," Mommy told Leah.
Paris St Germain have completed the signing of Barcelona's Brazilian left-back Maxwell on a three-and-a-half year contract for an undisclosed fee.   The 30-year-old finalized his move on Thursday after passing a medical and agreeing personal terms with the big-spending French league leaders.   Maxwell, who has never made a full international appearance for his country, joined Barcelona from Inter Milan in July 2009, and played 57 La Liga matches for the club without scoring a goal.   Who are football's top January transfer targets?   In his two full seasons with the Catalan giants, Maxwell collected a remarkable 10 trophies; three Spanish Super Cups, two European Super Cups, two League titles, two Club World Cups and one Champions League.   However, he struggled to command a regular place in the Barcelona side, with compatriot Adriano and Frenchman Eric Abidal often selected ahead of him.   PSG sporting director Leonardo told reporters: "We're thrilled, he is a player I have always liked and who plays in the same position that I used to play in -- we have something in common."   Maxwell himself added: "The main motivation for me to come here was the interest that PSG showed in me. The ambition the club has for the future also persuaded me to join."   Paris St Germain, who appointed Italian Carlo Ancelotti as their new coach late last year and are boosted by funds from their cash-rich Qatari owners, are currently three points clear at the top of the French table.   
Wide awake in Aunt Bet's Southern house, Annie Van Lew shivered at the sounds of distant guns. It was bad enough that America was at war, but the young Virginia girl was not used to battles being fought this close. _ .Annie sat up in bed and listened.Had a stranger broken in? Earlier, the family had heard that captured officers recently escaped from a prison nearby.   Quietly opening her bedroom door, Annie walked out. A figure in a black gown was walking down the hall. It was Aunt Bet, carrying a candle in one hand and a plate of fried chicken in the other.   Annie followed her aunt to a stairway at the far end of the house. Aunt Bet climbed to the top, and opened a door leading to the attic . Annie followed closely behind.   In the attic, Aunt Bet stopped at a chest of drawers, moved it aside, and felt along the wall behind it. Slowly a door sprang open, revealing a hidden room. A thin man stepped out of the opening. As Aunt Bet handed him the plate of food, the young man saw Annie in the doorway and froze.   Desperately shaking her head "no", the girl raised one finger to her lips. The officer understood and shifted his look. Quickly Annie went back downstairs and hid, waiting until after Aunt Bet left to return. Back inside the attic,Annie called softly to the man inside, who told her where to find the hidden spring.   Soon the young officer stood in the open doorway. A small candle burned on a table behind him and, in its soft light, Annie studied his face. Clear eyes reflected the calm of one who faced death bravely.   Smiling, he said,"What trouble you should have gotten into if your aunt had turned around!" That night, Annie learned Aunt Bet was one of many daring Southerners whose hatred of slavery drove them to risk their lives by spying for the North. The girl chatted as she dared, wishing her new friend luck when he said he would leave at dawn.   Back in her room, Annie felt proud and was determined to guard her family's secret to the end.
Tom and Mike were good friends. Sometimes they were kind to each other, sometimes they were not. But all of their classmates said they were like brothers. One day they went out for a walk together. At noon they were very hungry and they went into a restaurant to have lunch. The waiter came up to them and asked,"What can I do for you?" "Please bring us two apples first." said Tom. When the waiter put two apples on the table, Mike took the bigger one at once. Tom got angry, "You are impolite,Mike. Why don't you take the smaller one?" Tom said. "But I am right."said Mike with a smile,"if I let you take first, which one will you choose?" "Of course I'11 take the smaller one. "said Tom. "Yes."Mike said,"If you take the smaller one,the bigger one will still be mine. Don't you think so?" "Oh!"Tom couldn't answer.
When we asked Oprah to pick the 10 books she's read in the past decade that have mattered to her most, she was momentarily stumped. For someone who describes herself as --inspired, challenged, and sustained by books, it was almost impossible for Oprah to stay within our limit of 10. Still, she offered up the following, but she emphasized that it was only a sampler of delightful titles that have also managed to teach her -- and all of us -- a few things.   1. Discover the Power Within You   By Eric Butterworth   256 pages; Harper One   Advice from the internationally known spiritual teacher.   2. A New Earth   By Eckhart Tolle   316 pages; Plume   There's a reason Oprah picked this for her Book Club in 2008 -- and that she gave audience members Post-it pens along with their copies.So much wisdom, so little time! A real-life guide to living your best life.   3. The Poisonwood Bible   By Barbara Kingsolver   576 pages; Harper Perennial   This novel is about a family involved in the political trouble of postcolonial Africa. It established Kingsolver as one of our wisest observers of history, politics, and human nature.   4. Night   By Elie Wiesel   120 pages; Hill and Wang   A memoir of a childhood suffered in concentration camps during the Holocaust. It's horrific butuplifting. --I gain courage from his courage,|| Oprah says.   5. A Fine Balance   By Rohinton Mistry   624 pages; Vintage   A Dickensian novel about India during the Emergency. Like the aftermath of September 11, it teaches us about cultures we haven't understood. "It takes us out of our own little shell and exposes us to a whole other world out there." Oprah say.   6. East of Eden   By John Steinbeck   608 pages; Penguin   This classic is about good and evil as played out in a late-19th-century California ranch family. If you didn't read it in high school, read it now. If you did, reread it!   7. The Story of Edgar Sawtelle   By David Wroblewski   576 pages; Harper Collins   A kind of Hamlet on the prairie, this is the wrenching story of a mute boy and his dog. Oprah compares it to East of Eden and To Kill a Mickingbird.   8. The Pillars of the Earth   By Ken Follett   973 pages; Penguin   About the challenges of building cathedrals in 12th-century England. This novel couldn't be more different in setting, time, and plot from the author's breakthrough success, Eye of the Needle. Oprah declares it simply "great".   9. The Bluest Eye   By Toni Morrison   224 pages; Penguin   How to choose among the great Morrison's novel? Start with this one about a girl who thinks she has to have blue eyes to be beautiful. Oprah considered it one of the best in a crowded Morrison field.   10. The Known World   By Edward P. Jones   400 pages, Harper Collins   When this book was published in 2003, it shocked everybody with its description of slave-owning blacks before the Civil War. A daring, unusual examination of race.
MaxiCode is a public domain, machine-readable symbol system originally created and used by United Parcel Service. Suitable for tracking and managing the shipment of packages, it resembles a barcode, but uses dots arranged in a hexagonal grid instead of bars. MaxiCode has been standardised under ISO/IEC 16023.   A MaxiCode symbol (internally called "Bird's Eye", "Target", "dense code", or "UPS code") appears as a 1 inch square, with a bullseye in the middle, surrounded by a pattern of hexagonal dots. It can store about 93 characters of information, and up to 8 MaxiCode symbols can be chained together to convey more data. The centered symmetrical bullseye is useful in automatic symbol location regardless of orientation, and it allows MaxiCode symbols to be scanned even on a package traveling rapidly.   MaxiCode symbology was released by UPS in 1992.   MaxiCode symbols using modes 2 and 3 include a "Structured Carrier Message" containing key information about a package. This information is protected with a strong Reed-Solomon error correction code, allowing it to be read even if a portion of the symbol is damaged. These fields include:   The structured portion of the message is stored in the inner area of the symbol, near the bull's-eye pattern. (In modes that do not include a structured portion, the inner area simply stores the beginning of the message.)
The Iberian Peninsula , also known as Iberia , is located in the southwest corner of Europe. The peninsula is principally divided between Portugal and Spain, comprising most of their territory. It also includes Andorra and a small part of France along the peninsula's northeastern edge, as well as Gibraltar on its south coast, a small peninsula that forms an overseas territory of the United Kingdom. With an area of approximately , it is the second largest European peninsula, after the Scandinavian.   The English word "Iberia" was adapted from the use of the Ancient Greek word Ἰβηρία by Greek geographers under the rule of the Roman Empire to refer to what is known today in English as the Iberian Peninsula. At that time, the name did not describe a single political entity or a distinct population of people. Strabo's 'Iberia' was delineated from Keltikē (Gaul) by the Pyrenees and included the entire land mass southwest (he says "west") of there.   The ancient Greeks reached the Iberian Peninsula, of which they had heard from the Phoenicians, by voyaging westward on the Mediterranean. Hecataeus of Miletus was the first known to use the term "Iberia", which he wrote about circa 500 BC. Herodotus of Halicarnassus says of the Phocaeans that "it was they who made the Greeks acquainted with... Iberia." According to Strabo, prior historians used "Iberia" to mean the country "this side of the Ἶβηρος" as far north as the river Rhône in France, but currently they set the Pyrenees as the limit. Polybius respects that limit, but identifies Iberia as the Mediterranean side as far south as Gibraltar, with the Atlantic side having no name. Elsewhere he says that Saguntum is "on the seaward foot of the range of hills connecting Iberia and Celtiberia."
Why Are Pig Farmers Still Using Growth-Promoting Drugs?   It's one of the most controversial practices in agriculture: feeding small amounts of antibiotics to animals in order to make them grow faster. But what if the drugs don't even work very well? There's some good evidence that they don't, at least in pigs. They used to deliver a boost in growth, but that effect has disappeared in recent years or declined greatly. The reason for this is interesting and even paradoxical. Researchers think the antibiotics used to work by suppressing low-grade infections. In recent years, however, pork producers found other ways to accomplish the same thing through improved hygiene . As a result, the drugs have become largely superfluous -- yet many farmers still use them.   To understand how this happened, you have to step back in time, says Steve Dritz, a specialist in pig nutrition at Kansas State University. Sixty years ago, when antibiotics were new, "people started treating animals, and feeding [the antibiotics], and finding that they had increased growth rates and feed efficiencies," he says. Nursery-age pigs, for instance, grew 12 to 15 percent faster with antibiotics. The animals also needed less feed to reach full weight. Other studies showed similar results in chickens and cattle. In the 1980s, a new set of studies found similar effects. So the growth-promoting effects of antibiotics became standard practice among meat producers.   Fast forward to the 1990s. Dritz was starting his career as a scientist at Kansas State University, and pork production was changing dramatically.   Previously, pigs were born and raised in one barn or in several barns close together. This meant infections could easily pass from one generation to the next, the way that kids share germs between their friends on the playground and their parents at home. Under the new system, when piglets are weaned, they move to a whole different place. That new site is carefully scrubbed and free of disease.   Craig Rowles, who runs a large swine operation in Carroll, Iowa, shows me one such room. There's not a piglet in sight. "This room just got completely washed and disinfected, and now it's going to sit here and dry for a while," he says.   A whole group of pigs will come in here together, and later they will move out together to yet another site. "That group of pigs will stay together until they go to market," Rowles says.   The groups are kept strictly separated from each other. If workers move between the groups, they first have to change their boots.   When farmers adopted multisite production, it cut down on disease -- and pigs actually grew faster.
Have you ever tried broccoli ice cream? That's what Oliver serves his customers in the new movie Oliver's Organic Ice Cream.   The one-minute film was created by kids. A film is a movie. The young students learned their moviemaking skills at the Jacob Burns Film Center. The center is in Pleasantville, New York. Kids who go there learn how to make movies and music videos.   The character Oliver and his treats are animated. In an animated movie, objects, such as ice cream and paper dolls, appear to be alive or moving.   Animated movies are made up of hundreds of pictures. It takes 15 pictures to make just one second of film. To make a movie that lasts one minute, students need to take about 900 frames. A frame is a picture.   Animation expert Joe Summerhays teaches kids the steps to shoot a movie. He says what they learn behind the scenes, however, also counts. Students create their films in small groups. They have to agree on every decision.   " The benefit of the class is less animation and more problem-solving," Summerhays said. "It's all about teamwork."   About 4,000 kids have made movies at the Jacob Burns Film Center. Mikey Price, 11, of Briarcliff Manor, New York, is one of them. "I'm actually making a real movie," he said. "It's an adventure."
Armed renegade soldiers walked through Mali's damaged presidential palace on Thursday, hours after the troops' leaders claimed to have ousted the West African nation's democratically elected leader.   Shell casings, bullet-ridden cars and shattered windows were evident in video from outside the palace, as well as at least one burned-out room inside.   And there was no sign of or indication of what happened to President Amadou Toumani Toure, with the military group's apparent leader Capt. Amadou Sanogo saying little about him beyond that he was "safe."   Still, within much of Mali on Thursday night, the situation appeared to be relatively calm as most people appeared to have abided by coup leaders' call for a nighttime curfew.   Amadou Konare, a spokesman for the troops behind the apparent coup, asked citizens to return to their jobs Friday, though he gave no timetable as to when Mali's borders would reopen.   Earlier Thursday, Konare was among a group of soldiers wearing fatigues who said on television that they had suspended the constitution and dissolved public institutions because of the government's handling of an insurgency.   "Considering the incapacity of the regime in effectively fighting against terrorism and restoring dignity to the Malian people, using its constitutional rights, the armed forces of Mali, along with other security forces, have decided to take on their responsibilities to put an end to this incompetent regime of President Amadou Toumani Toure," said Konare.   Surgeons told an aid worker -- who asked to remain anonymous -- that 29 people who had been injured as a result of the recent unrest were in Bamako's main hospital, while another nine were in a medical facility in Kati, about 18 kilometers (11 miles) to the northwest. 
The Democratic Party is one of the two major contemporary political parties in the United States, along with the Republican Party. Tracing its heritage back to Thomas Jefferson and James Madison's Democratic-Republican Party, the modern-day Democratic Party was founded around 1828 by supporters of Andrew Jackson, making it the world's oldest political party.   The Democrats' dominant worldview was once social conservatism and economic liberalism, while—especially in the rural South—populism was its leading characteristic. In 1912, Theodore Roosevelt ran as a third-party candidate in the Progressive ("Bull Moose") Party, leading to a switch of political platforms between the Democratic and Republican Party and Woodrow Wilson being elected as the first fiscally progressive Democrat. Since Franklin D. Roosevelt and his New Deal coalition in the 1930s, the Democratic Party has also promoted a social-liberal platform, supporting social justice.   Today, the House Democratic caucus is composed mostly of progressives and centrists, with a smaller minority of conservative Democrats. The party's philosophy of modern liberalism advocates social and economic equality, along with the welfare state. It seeks to provide government intervention and regulation in the economy. These interventions, such as the introduction of social programs, support for labor unions, affordable college tuitions, moves toward universal health care and equal opportunity, consumer protection, and environmental protection form the core of the party's economic policy. The party has united with smaller liberal regional parties throughout the country, such as the Farmer–Labor Party in Minnesota and the Nonpartisan League in North Dakota.
Real Madrid will name Jose Mourinho as their new coach on Monday after the Spanish giants confirmed they had agreed a compensation package with his current club Inter Milan.   Mourinho, who led the Italian Serie A side to an unprecedented treble this season, will now be released from his San Siro contract -- which ran until 2012.   The Portuguese, who has guided both Porto and Inter to Champions League glory, will be presented at 1:00pm local time on Monday in succession to Manuel Pellegrini -- who was sacked on Wednesday.   Blog: Mourinho will bring magic to Madrid   Mourinho reportedly had a release clause which meant Inter were to receive 16 million euros should he depart the club.   A joint statement from the two clubs read: "Presidents Massimo Moratti and Florentino Perez met on Friday and, In light of the excellent and constructive relations between the two clubs, an agreement was reached on the contractual clause that binds Jose Mourinho to FC Internazionale.   "The time and the manner by which the agreement will be honored has been defined. Massimo Moratti thanks Florentino Perez for his willingness to join him in Milan and for his courtesy, which confirms the strong links between the two clubs."   Moratti had earlier told reporters that he was unwilling to compromise with Real on the subject of the release clause.   "Mourinho has been spectacular, intelligent, brave and we acknowledge that," said Moratti. "This doesn't take away the fact that there is still an issue regarding the negotiations with Mourinho and with the club that wants him. 
In many countries, schools have long summer holidays, with shorter holidays in between.However, a new report suggests shortening school holidays to stop children forgetting what they have learnt during the long summer break.Instead of three school terms, it says, there should be five eight-week terms.And there should be just four weeks off in the summer, with a two-week break between the other terms.   Sonia Montero has two children at primary school and works full-time.She supports the idea."The kids," she says, " have much longer holidays then and I can't afford to take several weeks off work, so I need someone to take care of them.But nobody wants the work in the summer holidays -- they all have holidays of their own.   Not surprisingly, some young people disagree.Student Jason Panos says , "It's a stupid idea.I would hate staying at school in the summer.It's unfair, too.The people who suggest this had long school holidays when they were young, but now they want to stop us enjoying the summer.The kids in Spain and American have much longer holidays than here, but they don't forget everything they've learnt in a few months."   Nadia Salib agrees."Sure," she says, "the first week at school after the summer is never easy, but you soon get back into it.The real problem round here is that kids get bored after so many weeks out of school, and then some of them start causing trouble.But the answer is to give them something to do, not make everyone stay in school longer."
In 2004, three young men went to a dinner party in San Francisco. Afterward ,they wanted to share a video from the party with their friends. They wanted to send it over the Internet. But at the time, the process of sharing videos that way was difficult. Using e-mail did not work and the friends complained that there, was no website to help them. So they created their own. They called their website YouTube. It made sharing videos easy, so the website soon became very popular. People watched 2.500 million videos in the first six months! Today, more than 70,000 new videos go up on YouTube each day. People watch more than 1,000 million videos a day. Many last no more than 10 minutes. These videos show all kinds of things, from sleeping cats to earthquakes. Most of the filmmakers are not professionals. They are just everyday people making videos, and they use the website in many interesting ways. First many people use YouTube to entertain others. One example is Judson Laipply. He made a funny dance video and put it on YouTube in 2006. People watched the video more than 10 million times in the first two weeks. Now people stop Judson on the street to ask, "Are you the dance guy on Youtube?" Some people have invited him to dance at their parties. A few women even asked to marry him. Judson wants to make more dance videos, and people look forward to seeing them. Other people use YouTube to advertise a business. David Taub does this. He is a guitar teacher and he sells videos of guitar lessons on his own website. He wanted to increase his business, so he put short videos with free lessons on YouTube. People enjoyed watching the lessons on YouTube, and afterward, many decided to go to David's own website. Now David sells hundreds of guitar lesson videos each week. People also use YouTube to help others. Ryan Fitzgerald is one example. Ryan is friendly young man who knows that some people are lonely and have no one to talk to. One day, he made a video of himself for YouTube. In the video, he gave his phone number and invited people to call him. In less than a week, he had more than 5,000 calls and messages from all over the world. These days, he is very busy talking on the phone. He helps people when he can, but mostly, he just listens, like a friend. Finally, some filmmakers use YouTube in a more serious way. They want to inform people about important events happening in the world. For example, they show clips of videos from countries at war, or they show people in need of help after a storm. Sometimes TV news shows do not give enough information about these events. Thanks to YouTube filmmakers, people can go to their computers and learn more. For many people, YouTube is more than just another website to visit. It is a way to communicate with others. More and more people are using it every day, and they will probably find even more ways to use it.
Rafael Nadal may be most at home on a clay tennis court, but he has always found comfort on the sea.   The "King of Clay" has racked up countless titles on his favored surface, but hailing from the island of Majorca, the Balearic Sea has also been the scene for much personal enjoyment.   There was no better way, then, for Nadal to gear up for this week's ATP Monte-Carlo Masters than to sail around Monaco's harbor while being treated to spectacular views of the Cote d'Azur coastline.   The world No. 1 -- who is looking to reclaim his title in the Principality after Novak Djokovic ended his eight-year reign in 2013 -- jumped on board the Tuiga, manning the rudder and learning the ropes of how to sail the Yacht Club de Monaco's flagship.   "It was a wonderful way to enjoy an afternoon," Nadal told the ATP World Tour's official website. "It was a special experience for me. I am from an island, so the sea, the sails and everything involved means a lot to me."   Nadal, who will also be looking to avenge last month's Miami Masters final defeat to Djokovic, still lives in the Majorcan town of Manacor where he was born.   But while the 27-year-old is more likely to be found on a motor boat than a sailing ship in the waters outside his house, his experience in Monte Carlo has left a lasting impression on him.   "I spend a lot of time on the sea when I'm at home, especially in the summer. I live in front of the sea and the port is three minutes from my home," he said. 
"The Lord of the Rings", one of the best sellers in the new millennium , was made up of three parts--"The Fellow Ship of the Ring", "Two Towers", and "The Return of the King". Millions upon millions of people have read it in over 25 different languages, but fewer know about the author and the history of the composition of the creative masterwork.   John Ronald Refuel Tolkien was born in South Africa in 1892. His parents died when he was a child. Living in England with his aunt, Tolkien and his cousins made up play languages, a hobby that led to Tolkien's becoming skilled in Welsh, Greek, Gothic, Old Norse and Anglo--Saxon.   After graduating from Oxford, Tolkien served in World War I. In 1917, while recovering from trench fever he began composing the mythology for The Rings. As a professor of Anglo-Saxon in the 1930s at Oxford, Tolkien was part of an informal discussion group called the Inklings, which included several writers. The group was soon 1istening to chapters of Tolkien's imaginative work "The Hobbit".   Hobbit was a name Tolkien created for people that could best be described as half-sized members of the English rural class. Hobbits live in hillside holes. One of them,Bilbo Baggins, looks for treasures with a group of dwarves . On the way, he meets the twisted, pitiful creature Gollum, from whom he sees a golden ring that makes the holder invisible.   One of Tolkien's students persuaded her employer, publisher Allen & Unwind, to look at a draft . The chairman of the firm, Stanley Unwind, thought that the best judge for a Children's book would be his ten-year-old son. The boy earned a shilling for reporting back that the adventure was exciting, and "The Hobbit" was published in 1937.   It sold so well that Unwind asked for a continuation. Over a dozen years later, in 1954, Tolkien produced "The Lord of the Rings", a series of books so creative that they hold readers both new and old -- after their publication.
Tiger Woods lived up to his star billing at the Turkish Airlines Open with a tournament best 63 Friday to put himself firmly in contention at the halfway stage of the $7 million event.   The World No.1 has been followed by sizable and sometimes over enthusiastic galleries in Antalya and was left frustrated by rain delays on the first day.   Woods returned early Friday morning to play the final eight holes of this opening round, picking up three birdies before a late bogey left him on two-under 70.   But after a short break the 14-time major winner began to justify his appearance fee with stunning iron and approach play.   He charged up the leader board to move to 11-under, just one adrift of Race to Dubai leader Henrik Stenson, Ian Poulter, Victor Dubuisson and Justin Walters.   "I'm right there; that's the whole idea," he told the European Tour website. "Got two more days of hopefully making a lot of birdies.   "We know it's going to take something really low. You're going to have to go 20 plus probably to win this tournament," he added.   Stenson, who formed a star studded trio with Woods and U.S. Open champion Justin Rose, backed up his first round 64 with a 68, despite playing with an injured wrist.   "It's not in a great state. I have inflammation there, and I strained something else yesterday, as well before I teed off.   "So it's not in great shape and I'm just hanging in there day by day and hope it keeps together for another couple of days," said the Swede. 
North Rhine-Westphalia (, , commonly shortened to NRW) is the most populous state of Germany, with a population of approximately 18 million, and the fourth largest by area. Its capital is Düsseldorf; the largest city is Cologne. Four of Germany's ten largest cities—Cologne, Düsseldorf, Dortmund, and Essen—are located within the state, as well as the second largest metropolitan area on the European continent, Rhine-Ruhr.   North Rhine-Westphalia was formed in 1946 as a merger of the provinces of North Rhine and Westphalia, both formerly parts of Prussia, and the Free State of Lippe. It makes up almost a quarter of the population and a quarter of the economy of Germany.   The first written account of the area was by its conqueror, Julius Caesar, the territories west of the Rhine were occupied by the Eburones and east of the Rhine he reported the Ubii (across from Cologne) and the Sugambri to their north. The Ubii and some other Germanic tribes such as the Cugerni were later settled on the west side of the Rhine in the Roman province of Germania Inferior. Julius Caesar conquered the tribes on the left bank, and Augustus established numerous fortified posts on the Rhine, but the Romans never succeeded in gaining a firm footing on the right bank, where the Sugambri neighboured several other tribes including the Tencteri and Usipetes. North of the Sigambri and the Rhine region were the Bructeri.
A geographic coordinate system is a coordinate system used in geography that enables every location on Earth to be specified by a set of numbers, letters or symbols. The coordinates are often chosen such that one of the numbers represents a vertical position, and two or three of the numbers represent a horizontal position. A common choice of coordinates is latitude, longitude and elevation.   To specify a location on a two-dimensional map requires a map projection.   The invention of a geographic coordinate system is generally credited to Eratosthenes of Cyrene, who composed his now-lost "Geography" at the Library of Alexandria in the 3rd century BC. A century later, Hipparchus of Nicaea improved on this system by determining latitude from stellar measurements rather than solar altitude and determining longitude by timings of lunar eclipses, rather than dead reckoning. In the 1st or 2nd century, Marinus of Tyre compiled an extensive gazetteer and mathematically-plotted world map using coordinates measured east from a prime meridian at the westernmost known land, designated the Fortunate Isles, off the coast of western Africa around the Canary or Cape Verde Islands, and measured north or south of the island of Rhodes off Asia Minor. Ptolemy credited him with the full adoption of longitude and latitude, rather than measuring latitude in terms of the length of the midsummer day.
Joe's parents are farmers and they have a huge farm with cows, chickens, and ducks. Joe loves the farm and all the things he gets to play around and play on. One day, Joe's father told him not to get near a tractor that was sitting in the field. His father was worried that Joe would climb on it and hurt himself. Joe went out to the field and was feeding the horses and cows. When he was done, he saw the tractor his father told him not to get near. He knew that climbing on the tractor wouldn't hurt anything, so he did. He climbed on to the seat and sat there. Then, he pretended he was his father and pretended that he was driving the tractor. Joe's father saw him playing on the tractor and called for him. Joe heard his father calling for him and got off the tractor really fast. When he did that, he fell off and hurt his arm. Joe was in pain and his father came running to check on him and picked him up and sat him on a bench and asked him why he did that. Joe looked at his father and said, "I wanted to be like you." Joe's father gave him a hug and asked him if he wanted to ride with him on the tractor. Joe did and after he got a bandage on his arm, he and his father rode in the field on the tractor.
They share the same surname -- Djokovic -- but for now at least, that is where the similarity ends.   Novak is at the pinnacle of his sport and was the center of attention in Dubai after completing in his first victory since winning the Australian Open in January.   At 20, Marko is four years younger, and 868 places further down the rankings -- and on Monday he slumped to an opening-round defeat in front of his elder sibling.   Djokovic senior was on hand to watch his brother's elimination, at the hands of Russian qualifier Andrey Golubev, but says that Marko can make his mark in the upper echelons of the game.   Del Potro too strong for Llodra in Marseille final   "He has to face the pressure of having the Djokovic surname," Novak said in quotes carried by AFP.   "He's trying to fight with his mind more than with his game. When he is able to focus on that and not on his doubts he can become a world-class player."   He admitted it was tough to watch Marko's 6-3 6-2 reverse. "It was difficult for me to sit courtside," he said. "I have not done it too much.   "At least when I'm playing I know what's going on. But I was happy my brother got a wild card. He is not at his level yet, but he's getting there."   As for Marko, he said there were plenty of positives and negatives to being the brother of the world's No. 1 player. 
Marco Polo was from Venice, Italy. In 1271, at age 17, Marco went on a trip with his father and uncle to China. Today people often travel to different places around the world. But it was very hard for people from Europe to visit China then. After three and a half years, the Polos reached China on 1275. While he was there, Marco Polo worked for Kublai Khan, the emperor of China. He was able to learn and experience many things that were new to Europeans. In his diary, he wrote, "Kublai Khan's palace is the greatest I've ever seen. The streets of the new capital. Daidu, are so straight and so wide." Paper money also took him by surprise, since it was not yet in use in the West at that time. Homes were heated with "black stones... which burn like wood." These stones were coal, and most of the Europeans knew little about it then. After 17 years in China, Marco and his family finally returned to Venice in 1292. After he returned home, Marco completed a book about his trip, full of facts about his wonderful experiences in China.
Why does most of the world travel on the right side today? Theories differ, but there's no doubt that Napoleon was a major influence. The French had used the right since at least the late 18th century. Some say that before the French Revolution, noblemen drove their carriages on the left, forcing the peasants to the right. Regardless of the origin, Napoleon brought right-hand traffic to the nations he conquered, including Russia, Switzerland and Germany. Hitler, in turn, ordered right-hand traffic in Czechoslovakia and Austria in the 1930s. Nations that escaped right-hand control, like Great Britain, followed their left-hand tradition.   The U.S. has not always been a nation of right-hand rivers; earlier in its history, carriage and horse traffic traveled on the left, as it did in England. But by the late 1700s, people driving large wagons pulled by several pairs of horses began promoting a shift to the right. A driver would sit on the rear left horse in order to wave his whip with his right hand; to see opposite traffic clearly, they traveled on the right.   One of the final moves to firmly standardize traffic directions in the U.S. occurred in the 20th century, when Henry Ford decided to mass-produce his cars with controls on the left (one reason, stated in 1908; the convenience for passengers exiting directly onto the edge, especially... if there is a lady to be considered). Once these rules were set, many countries eventually adjusted to the right-hand standard, including Canada in the 1920s, Sweden in 1967 and Burma in 1970. The U.K. and former colonies such as Australia and India are among the western world's few remaining holdouts. Several Asian countries, including Japan, use the left as well -- thought many places use both right-hand-drive and left-hand-drive cars.
The Universal Declaration of Human Rights (UDHR) was adopted by the United Nations General Assembly at its 3rd session on 10 December 1948 as Resolution 217 at the Palais de Chaillot in Paris, France. Of the then 58 members of the United Nations, 48 voted in favor, none against, eight abstained, and two didn't vote.   The Declaration consists of thirty articles affirming an individual's rights which, although not legally binding in themselves, have been elaborated in subsequent international treaties, economic transfers, regional human rights instruments, national constitutions, and other laws. The Declaration was the first step in the process of formulating the International Bill of Human Rights, which was completed in 1966, and came into force in 1976, after a sufficient number of countries had ratified them.   Some legal scholars have argued that because States have constantly invoked the Declaration over more than 50 years, it has become binding as a part of customary international law. However, in the United States, the Supreme Court in "Sosa v. Alvarez-Machain" (2004), concluded that the Declaration "does not of its own force impose obligations as a matter of international law." Courts of other countries have also concluded that the Declaration is not in itself part of domestic law.
With an estimated population of 1,381,069 as of July 1, 2014, San Diego is the eighth-largest city in the United States and second-largest in California. It is part of the San Diego–Tijuana conurbation, the second-largest transborder agglomeration between the US and a bordering country after Detroit–Windsor, with a population of 4,922,723 people. San Diego is the birthplace of California and is known for its mild year-round climate, natural deep-water harbor, extensive beaches, long association with the United States Navy and recent emergence as a healthcare and biotechnology development center.   Historically home to the Kumeyaay people, San Diego was the first site visited by Europeans on what is now the West Coast of the United States. Upon landing in San Diego Bay in 1542, Juan Rodríguez Cabrillo claimed the entire area for Spain, forming the basis for the settlement of Alta California 200 years later. The Presidio and Mission San Diego de Alcalá, founded in 1769, formed the first European settlement in what is now California. In 1821, San Diego became part of the newly-independent Mexico, which reformed as the First Mexican Republic two years later. In 1850, it became part of the United States following the Mexican–American War and the admission of California to the union.
Today, roller-skating is easy and fun. But a long time ago, it wasn't easy at all. Before 1750, no one had any ideas of roller-skating. That changed because of a man named Joseph Merlin. He liked to make things and play the violin in his free time. Joseph Merlin was a man of ideas and dreams. People called him a dreamer. One day Merlin was invited to a party. He was very pleased and a little excited. As the day of the party came near, Merlin began to think how to make an amazing entrance at the party. He had an idea. He thought everyone at the party would show much interest if he could skate into the room. Merlin tried different ways to make himself roll. Finally, he decided to put two wheels under each shoe. These were the first roller skates. Merlin was proud of his invention and dreamed of arrived at the party on wheels while playing the violin. On the night of the party Merlin rolled into the room playing his violin. Everyone was surprised to see him. There was just one problem. Merlin had no way to stop his roller skates. He rolled on and on. Suddenly, he ran into a huge mirror that was hanging on the wall. The mirror fell down, breaking into pieces. Merlin's idea was so good that nobody forgot his special entrance for a long time. But could he find out a way to stop his roller skates?
They can be seen more frequently than ever before on college campuses, wearing thick-rimmed glasses while listening to indie music. One might find them playing unusual musical instruments, shopping at second-hand stores or expressing themselves in other unique ways. They call themselves hipsters. Being "hip" used to mean following the latest fashion. But gradually the word has evolved into a synonym for "cool".   Hipsters value independent thinking, progressive politics, an appreciation of creativity and intelligence. Hipsters take pains and pride in not being mainstream. However, their culture has become quite trendy. This irony is central to their culture and offers an interesting paradox.   "I do take things in the mainstream with a grain of salt," says Ben Polson, a college student at Brown University in the US. Polson describes himself as a hipster and says he often questions what determines popularity, especially regarding music.When lesser-known bands become popular they often lose their former fan base in exchange for a new one. There is a famous hipster saying that goes: I used to like that band before it got popular.   According to Polson, bands' music changes when they go mainstream. They become "less experimental, doing things just to save popularity and fans. The original elements that we were drawn to slowly _ for the sake of popularity."   Many young adults have started to view hipsters' outlook as cool and are adopting their counterculture mindset themselves. This has led to specialized brands, stores and music for the hipster position. Ironically, some such stores, including clothing labels Urban Outfitters and American Apparel, have gained mainstream popularity. This has seemingly diluted the anti-mainstream culture.   "A lot of people that are self-defined hipsters aren't really hipsters, they're just trying to conform to the non-conformist to seem cooler," says Amanda Leopold, a college student from Oberlin College, US. Although Leopold has many unconventional tastes and seems quite individualist, she refuses to classify herself as a hipster.   There is a conflict among hipsters about the very definition of the label. To some, to be a hipster is to be free from cultural constraints. To others, it means wearing a certain style and listening to a specific style of music. The former constantly strives for uniqueness, while the latter strives not to be mainstream.   And yet, the movement is gaining mainstream popularity. "It's kind of the trend these days; _ " says Leopold. "There have been hipsters since the seventies. It's only become popular recently."   Hipsters reject materialism and laugh at mainstream culture. But are they really beyond material comforts? Do they have any ideas of their own if they despise mainstream so much?   Christy Wampole, an associate professor of literature at Princeton University, US, is not so sure. She says the hipster is a contradiction in himself and an easy target of mockery . Writing in The New York Times, Wampole paints a less appreciative picture of a typical hipster.   "The hipster is a scholar of social forms, a student of cool. He studies continuously, searching for what has yet to be found by the mainstream. He is a walking citation ; his clothes refer to much more than themselves. He tries to negotiate the age-old problem of individuality, not with concepts, but with material things."
Although Tokyo is one of the most expensive cities in the world , you will be surprised that there are still some free activities in Tokyo. Free temples ( ) There are many temples in Tokyo.The most famous one is Meiji Jingu.This is the most important temple in Tokyo. If you visit it , you can know more about Japanese history .Of course , it's free. Free museums If you go to Kanto Earthquake Museum , you can see the exhibitions and the memorial for the people who died in the 1923 earthquake _ Free parks There are two famous parks in Japan. They are Yoyogi Park and Ueno Park .Yoyogi Park is one of the largest parks in Tokyo .It is now a great place to see street performers.Ueno Park is popular with many Japanses people and foreign visitors. Free snacks Janpanese food is delicious and healthy . You can try different kinds of snacks , before spending money on them. You don't need to pay for them when you try them. ,, . (1,5)
Santa Monica is a beachfront city in western Los Angeles County, California, United States. The city is named after the Christian saint, Monica. Situated on Santa Monica Bay, it is bordered on three sides by the city of Los Angeles – Pacific Palisades to the north, Brentwood on the northeast, Sawtelle on the east, Mar Vista on the southeast, and Venice on the south. Santa Monica is well known for its affluent single-family neighborhoods but also has many neighborhoods consisting primarily of condominiums and apartments. Over two-thirds of Santa Monica's residents are renters. The Census Bureau population for Santa Monica in 2010 was 89,736.   Santa Monica was long inhabited by the Tongva people. Santa Monica was called Kecheek in the Tongva language. The first non-indigenous group to set foot in the area was the party of explorer Gaspar de Portolà, who camped near the present day intersection of Barrington and Ohio Avenues on August 3, 1769. There are two different versions of the naming of the city. One says that it was named in honor of the feast day of Saint Monica (mother of Saint Augustine), but her feast day is actually May 4. Another version says that it was named by Juan Crespí on account of a pair of springs, the Kuruvungna Springs (Serra Springs), that were reminiscent of the tears that Saint Monica shed over her son's early impiety.
Old Behrman was a painter who lived on the ground floor of the apartment building. For years, he had always been planning to paint a work of art, but had never yet begun it. He earned a little money by serving as a model to artists who could not pay for a professional model. He was a fierce, little, old man who protected the two young women in the studio apartment above him.   Sue found Behrman in his room. In one area was a blank canvas that had been waiting twenty-five years for the first line of paint. Sue told him about Johnsy and how she feared that her friend would float away like a leaf on the old ivy vine climbing hopelessly up the outside block wall.   Old Behrman was angered at such an idea. "Are there people in the world with the foolishness to die because leaves drop off a vine? Why do you let that silly business come in her brain?"   "She is very sick and weak," said Sue, "and the disease has left her mind full of strange ideas."   "This is not any place in which one so good as Miss Johnsy shall lie sick," yelled Behrman. "Some day I will paint a masterpiece, and we shall all go away."   Johnsy was sleeping when they went upstairs. Sue pulled the shade down to cover the window. She and Behrman went into the other room. They looked out a window fearfully at the ivy vine. Then they looked at each other without speaking. A cold rain was falling, mixed with snow.   The next morning, Sue awoke after an hour's sleep. She found Johnsy with wide-open eyes staring at the covered window. "Pull up the shade; I want to see," she ordered, quietly. Sue obeyed.   After the beating rain and fierce wind that blew through the night, there yet stood against the wall one ivy leaf. It was the last one on the vine. It was still dark green at the center. But its edges were color1ed with the yellow. It hung bravely from the branch about seven meters above the ground.   "It is the last one," said Johnsy. "I thought it would surely fail during the night. I heard the wind. It will fall today and I shall die at the same time."   "Dear, dear!" said Sue, leaning her worn face down toward the bed. "Think of me, if you won't think of yourself. What would I do?" But Johnsy did not answer.   The next morning, when it was light, Johnsy demanded that the window shade be raised. The ivy leaf was still there. Johnsy lay for a long time, looking at it. And then she called to Sue, who was preparing chicken soup.   "I've been a bad girl," said Johnsy. "Something has made that last leaf stay there to show me how bad I was. It is wrong to want to die. You may bring me a little soup now."   An hour later she said: "someday I hope to paint the Bay of Naples."   Later in the day, the doctor came, and Sue talked to him in the hallway. "Even chances. With good care, you'll win," said the doctor. "And now I must see another case I have in your building. Behrman, whose name is some kind of an artist, I believe, has Pneumonia , too. He is an old, weak man and his case is severe. There is no hope for him, but he goes to the hospital today to ease his pain."   The next day, the doctor said to Sue:" She's out of danger. You won. Nutrition and care now - that's all."   Later that day, Sue came to the bed where Johnsy lay, and put one arm around her. "I have something to tell you, white mouse," she said, "Mister Behrman died of pneumonia today in the hospital. He was sick only two days. They found him the morning of the first day in his room downstairs helpless with pain. His shoes and clothing were completely wet and icy cold. They could not imagine where he had been on such a terrible night.   "And then they found a lantern, still lighted, and a ladder that had been moved from its place. And art supplies and a painting board with green and yellow color1s mixed on it.   "Look out the window, dear, at the last ivy leaf on the wall. Didn't you wonder why it never moved when the wind blew? Ah, darling, it is Behrman's masterpiece - he painted it there the night that the last leaf fell."
In Canada, the term "football" may refer to Canadian football and American football collectively, or to either sport specifically, depending on context. The two sports have shared origins and are closely related but have significant differences. In particular, Canadian football has 12 players on the field per team rather than 11; the field is roughly 10 yards wider, and 10 yards longer between end-zones that are themselves 10 yards deeper; and a team has only three downs to gain 10 yards, which results in less offensive rushing than in the American game. In the Canadian game all players on the defending team, when a down begins, must be at least 1 yard from the line of scrimmage. (The American game has a similar "neutral zone" but it is only the length of the football.)   Canadian football is also played at the high school, junior, collegiate, and semi-professional levels: the Canadian Junior Football League, formed May 8, 1974, and Quebec Junior Football League are leagues for players aged 18–22, many post-secondary institutions compete in Canadian Interuniversity Sport for the Vanier Cup, and senior leagues such as the Alberta Football League have grown in popularity in recent years. Great achievements in Canadian football are enshrined in the Canadian Football Hall of Fame.
I'm flying high today after hearing the news that Bamboo People is a top ten book on the Best Fiction for Young Adults 2011 list from the American Library Association. Here are the top ten titles with annotations by YALSA librarians: *Bacigalupi, Paolo. Ship Breaker. Little, Brown, and Co. Nailer is a light crew cleaner tearing up old hulks of ships, living day to day, until a rich girl and her gleaming ship run ashore in a storm on the beach and his life gets more dangerous. *Donnelley, Jennifer. Revolution. Random House Children's Books/Delacorte. Haunted by the death of her brother, Andi is taken to Paris by her separated father where an encounter with a mysterious diary may bring her back from the edge. *Marchetta, Melina. Finnikin of the Rock. Candlewick. Finnikin and his fellow exiles from Lumatere wish to return to their cursed homeland. Finnikin must go on an epic journey with a dumb beginner named Evanjalin to return home. *Matson, Morgan. Amy and Roger's Epic Detour. Simon & Schuster. Amy and Roger must both learn to deal with loss while on a road trip across the country which doesn't go as expected. *McBride, Lish. Hold Me Closer, Necromancer. Macmillan Children's Book Group/Henry Holt. When Sam discovers he is a necromancer he must learn to control his power in order to defeat a powerful and corrupt opponent and save his friends. *Mulligan, Andy. Trash. David Fickling Books. Three garbage-picker boys find an item of great value to a corrupt politician on their rounds, setting off a tense hunt to see who will win. *Perkins, Mitali. Bamboo People. Chiko, a Burmese soldier and Tu Reh, a Kerenni refugee meet on opposite sides of war and each must learn what it means to be a man of his people. *Reinhardt, Dana. The Things a Brother Knows. Random House Children's Books/Wendy Lamb. Boaz is back and cheered as the hometown hero, but he is not at all the same. Can his younger brother Levi help him truly make his way home? *Saenz, Benjamin. Last Night I Sang to the Monster. Cinco Puntos Press, 2009. Weeks in therapy go by and 18-year-old Zach is still unable to remember the monstrous events that left him alone and haunted by nightmares. *Sedgwick, Marcus. Revolver. Roaring Brook Press. Sig is alone with his father's body when the lawless man his father had managed to escape appears out of the icy wilderness
A pub /pʌb/, or public house is, despite its name, a private house, but is called a public house because it is licensed to sell alcohol to the general public. It is a drinking establishment in Britain, Ireland, New Zealand, Australia, Canada, Denmark and New England. In many places, especially in villages, a pub can be the focal point of the community. The writings of Samuel Pepys describe the pub as the heart of England.   The history of pubs can be traced back to Roman taverns, through the Anglo-Saxon alehouse to the development of the modern tied house system in the 19th century.   Historically, pubs have been socially and culturally distinct from cafés, bars and German beer halls. Most pubs offer a range of beers, wines, spirits, and soft drinks and snacks. Traditionally the windows of town pubs were of smoked or frosted glass to obscure the clientele from the street but from the 1990s onwards, there has been a move towards clear glass, in keeping with brighter interiors.
Joe was a young boy who was excited for his first day of school. He jumped out of bed with a big smile on his face, ready for school. He looked in the mirror as he put on his white shirt and blue jeans, and ran down the stairs to get breakfast. His breakfast was waffles with syrup and eggs. His favorite breakfasts are pancakes and cereal, but the waffles were good. After eating all his food, he grabbed his lunch and ran out the door towards the yellow school bus. He arrived at the bus stop and waited for the bus. The bus was running late, but then he finally saw the bus pull up to the bus stop. He did not want to wait one more second so he talked to the bus driver and then took his seat on the bus. He then took a good look out the window and watched as the bus began driving him to the first day of school he had been waiting for. Finally, the bus came to a stop. The children all ran off the bus towards the elementary school. Joe did not see many other second grade students so he walked to the doors alone. Once he entered the school, he saw many of his friends from third grade and began talking to them. Then the bell rang and Joe's first day of school began.
Tiger Mom, You've been criticized a lot since your book, Battle Hymn of the Tiger Mother, came out. One problem is that some people don't get your humor. They think you're serious about all things and Lulu and I are suffering a lot from such a strict mother. That is not true. But for real, it's not their fault. No outsider can know what our family is really like. They don't hear us laughing over each other's jokes. They don't see us eating our hamburgers with fried rice. They don't know how much fun we have when the six of us dogs included squeeze into one bed and argue about what movies to download from Netflix. I admit it: Having you as a mother was no tea party. There were some play dates I wish I'd gone to and some piano camps I wish I'd got away from. But now that I'm 18 and about to leave the tiger den , I'm glad you and Daddy raised me the way you did. A lot of people have accused you of producing robot kids who can't think for themselves. Well, I came to the opposite conclusion: your strict parenting made me more independent . Everybody's talking about the birthday cards we once made for you, which you refused to take because they weren't good enough. Funny how some people believe that Lulu and I will feel hurt for life. But let's face it: It took me 30 second; I didn't put my heart into it. That's why, when you rejected it, I didn't feel hurt at all. There's one more thing: I have come to understand what it really means to live a meaningful life to the fullest. To me, it's about knowing that you've tried your best, body and mind. You feel _ when the piano piece you've practiced for days and hours finally comes to life beneath your fingertips. You feel _ when you do something on your own that you never thought you could. And for that, Tiger Mom, thank you. Yours, Sophia
Researches at Johns Hopkins University's. Applied Physics laboratory ( APL) in Laurel , Maryland have designed a new human-like robot, Its name is Robo Sally. The machine can be controlled from a distance and can he used to do work that is dangerous for human beings.   Roho Sally has two long arms with human-like hands. She can use her fingers to pick up small objects .examine them in detail and do most things that human hands can do Each finger contains a tiny motor capable of squeezing 20 pounds of pinch foree ,.enough to defuse a bomb under the direction of an operator. She sits on a metal base with wheels that let her move around. turn in tight spaces and climb over small objects, .   Mike McLoughlin is the main investigator for the Applied Physics Laboratory's Prosthetics Program. "The purpose of that program is to develop prosthetic arms that have all the capability of your natural arms .and you do all the complex motions that we can do with the natural arm- with the robot. "   It was a difficult job. Mr. McLoughlin says the device had to have many small motors to. have the ability to do what a human hand does; It also needs to have human-like strength. The thumb was especially difficult because it permits the hand .to hold objects. And everything had. to fit into a space about the size of a human hand.   The next problem .he says .was to figure out how to control the artificial hand. " So we had to figure out how to make the connection between the brain and this arm.   For search-and-rescue duties.Roho Sally will be operated by a human being using a wire- less machine that is far from the robot. The operator will also wear special gloves and glasses. The glasses permit the operator to see the robot's hands .even though they are far away.   Mr. McLoughlin says this kind of robots could be used in what he calls "dull , dirty or dan- gerous" situations where fine human finger movements are required. He says the technology is not ready for everyday application .but he predicts that within five years we will see some won- derful improvements.
Communications in Somalia encompasses the communications services and capacity of Somalia. Telecommunications, internet, radio, print, television and postal services in the nation are largely concentrated in the private sector. Several of the telecom firms have begun expanding their activities abroad. The Federal government operates two official radio and television networks, which exist alongside a number of private and foreign stations. Print media in the country is also progressively giving way to news radio stations and online portals, as internet connectivity and access increases. Additionally, the national postal service is slated to be officially relaunched in 2013 after a long absence. In 2012, a National Communications Act was also approved by Cabinet members, which lays the foundation for the establishment of a National Communications regulator in the broadcasting and telecommunications sectors.   After the start of the civil war, various new telecommunications companies began to spring up in the country and competed to provide missing infrastructure. Somalia now offers some of the most technologically advanced and competitively priced telecommunications and internet services in the world. Funded by Somali entrepreneurs and backed by expertise from China, Korea and Europe, these nascent telecommunications firms offer affordable mobile phone and internet services that are not available in many other parts of the continent. Customers can conduct money transfers (such as through the popular Dahabshiil) and other banking activities via mobile phones, as well as easily gain wireless Internet access.
I'm Larry. I'm really good at selling things. I also love helping people. But I'm not so good at solving problems. I think I'd like to be a salesman or detective . I'm Anita. I really like doing things with my hands. I also enjoy working with wood. I don't enjoy working in the same place every day, and I hate being in noisy places. I think I'd like to be a factory worker or a carpenter . I'm Jill. I'm good at explaining things and I really like children. I can't stand working long hours. I think I'd like to be a doctor or a teacher. I'm Maria. I'm really interested in meeting people, and I enjoy wearing different clothes every day. I'm not so good at organizing my time and I can't stand computers. I am going to be a model. I'm Jim. I enjoy helping people, but I can't stand working nights and weekends. I want to be a nurse or a social worker.
Hailey stood in her kitchen. She was looking for ideas of what to make for dinner. She could make pasta, soup, chili, or steak. She opened the refrigerator and took out a cartoon of juice. She sat down at the table and tried to write a list of ingredients she would need. She finally thought she would make chili for dinner. She took a sip of her juice and she saw she had all the ingredients she needed except meat.   Hailey saw she was losing daylight. This made her want to take her car to the store in order to buy the meat. It would be faster than walking. She quickly went to the back of the store where she knew the meat was stored and took her find to the cashier. When she made her way back into the lot she ran into her friend, Beth, and invited Beth to come to her house for dinner.   When they both returned to her home they cooked dinner together and had a wonderful evening.
The Chicago Cubs are an American professional baseball team located on the North Side of Chicago, Illinois. The Cubs compete in Major League Baseball (MLB) as a members of the National League (NL) Central division; the team plays its home baseball games at Wrigley Field. The Cubs are also one of two active major league teams based in Chicago; the other is the Chicago White Sox, who are a member of the American League (AL) Central division. The team is currently owned by Thomas S. Ricketts, son of TD Ameritrade founder Joe Ricketts.   The team played its first games in 1876 as a founding member of the National League (NL), eventually becoming known officially as the Chicago Cubs for the 1903 season. Officially, the Cubs are tied for the distinction of being the oldest currently active U.S. professional sports club, along with the Atlanta Braves, which also began play in the NL in 1876 as the Boston Red Stockings (Major League Baseball does not officially recognize the National Association of Professional Base Ball Players as a major league.)
Operation Sea Lion, also written as Operation Sealion (), was Nazi Germany's code name for the plan for an invasion of the United Kingdom during the Battle of Britain in the Second World War. Following the Fall of France, Adolf Hitler, the German Führer and Supreme Commander of the Armed Forces, hoped the British government would seek a peace agreement and he reluctantly considered invasion only as a last resort if all other options failed. As a precondition, he specified the achievement of both air and naval superiority over the English Channel and the proposed landing sites, but the German forces did not achieve this at any point during the war and both the German High Command and Hitler himself had serious doubts about the prospects for success. A large number of barges were gathered together on the Channel coast, but, with air losses increasing, Hitler postponed Sea Lion indefinitely on 17 September 1940 and it was never put into action.   Adolf Hitler hoped for a negotiated peace with the UK, and made no preparations for amphibious assault on Britain until the Fall of France. At the time, the only forces with experience of or modern equipment for such landings were the Japanese, at the Battle of Wuhan in 1938.
A line of angry protesters waving signs and wearing scows formed a ring around the front entrance of the Daily News' headquarters.   They took turns at the bullhorn accusing the paper of everything from libel to genocide. They didn't bring a list of demands; they weren't looking to negotiate. They had one goal: to shut the paper down forever.   "We're going to march until the walls come down," one shouted.   Employees who would normally head out the revolving door to one of the lunch trucks along Broad street developed a taste for cafeteria food that day.   Not Chuck Stone.   Stone, senior editor of the newspaper they had pledged to kill, walked out the front entrance and met their scows with a broad smile. Picketers committed to the complete destruction of the Daily News returned his smile or nodded in recognition as they passed him. A few even shook his hand.   I'll never forget that scene. It was, at once, improbable yet typical of a man who was as comfortable in the salons of power as he was in the embrace of the disadvantaged.   Chuck was the last man you'd pick out of a lineup of guys suspected of aiding and abetting dangerous felons. In his horn-rimmed glasses, hand-tied, silk bowties and graying crew cut, he looked like a grown-up version of the nerds that tough guys used to beat up to burnish their reps.   But fugitives who were wanted for vicious assaults and heinous crimes would call Chuck before they called their lawyers. In a town where some cops were known to administer curbside justice, surrendering to Chuck Stone was a way to keep from having their faces rearranged on the way to jail. At least 75 fugitives did just that over Stone's 19-year career. 
The longest-serving lawmaker in U.S. congressional history, a legendary Motown artist, and the matriarch of a renowned political family will be among this year's recipients of the nation's highest civilian honor, the White House announced Monday.   Rep. John Dingell, Stevie Wonder and Ethel Kennedy are three of the nineteen Americans who Obama will bestow the Presidential Medal of Freedom upon later this month.   Dingell has served nearly 60 years in Congress representing a district outside Detroit. He'll retire at the end of this session. Wonder has won 25 Grammys and an Oscar for his fusion of soul, rhythm and blues and jazz. And Kennedy, who is the widow of Sen. Robert F. Kennedy, became an activist for human rights and the environment after her husband's death.   Other honorees this year include Meryl Streep, the prolific actress known for holding the most Oscar nominations of any actor in history. She stars this winter in "Into the Woods," the musical composed by Stephen Sondheim, to whom Obama will also award the Medal of Freedom on November 24.   Tom Brokaw, the former "NBC Nightly News" anchor, will be honored as well, alongside actress Marlo Thomas, golfer Charles Sifford and author Isabel Allende.   The other medalists are scientist Mildred Dresselhaus; Native American activist Suzan Harjo; former Reps. Abner Mikva of Illinois and Patsy Takemoto Mink of Hawaii; and economist Robert Solow.   Five awards will be delivered posthumously: to "Freedom Summer" civil rights activists James Chaney, Andrew Goodman, and Michael Schwerner; to the well-known choreographer Alvin Ailey, who founded the namesake dance company; and to Rep. Edward Roybal, the founder of the Congressional Hispanic Caucus. 
One of my friends Fred did very 1ittle work when he was a student. He spent more time drinking in bars than working in the library. Once, we had to take an important exam. The exam had a hundred questions. To each question, we had to write "Right" or "Wrong". The night before the exam, Fred was watching TV and drinking. He usua1ly worried a lot the night before the exam. But on that night he looked quite relaxed. He told me what he would do." It's very easy," he said to me, "There are a hundred questions and I have to get fifty right answers to pass the exam. I'll bring a coin with me and throw it to decide answers. I' m sure I'll get half the questions right in this way. "During the exam, Fred sat down and really threw the coin for half an hour when he was writing down his answers. Then he 1eft half an hour before the others. The next day he saw the teacher on the playground. "Good morning, Mr. Wu," he said, "Have you checked the papers? Have I passed?" The teacher 1ooked at him and smiled, "Ah, it's you, Fred. One moment, please." Then he put his hand into his pocket and took out a coin. He threw it into the air, caught it in his hand and looked at it , "I'm very sorry, Fred. You _ ."
Cornwall is a ceremonial county in the United Kingdom. It is also a unitary authority area of England, administered by Cornwall Council. The county is bordered to the north and west by the Celtic Sea, to the south by the English Channel, and to the east by the county of Devon, over the River Tamar which forms most of the border between them. Cornwall has a population of and covers an area of . The ceremonial county of Cornwall also includes the Isles of Scilly, which are administered separately. The administrative centre of Cornwall, and only city in the county, is Truro.   Cornwall forms the westernmost part of the South West Peninsula of the island of Great Britain. The furthest south-western point of the island is Land's End; the southernmost point is Lizard Point. Cornwall is the homeland of the Cornish people and the cultural and ethnic origin of the Cornish diaspora. It retains a distinct cultural identity that reflects its unique history, and is recognised as one of the Celtic nations. It was formerly a Brythonic kingdom and subsequently a royal duchy. The Cornish nationalist movement contests the present constitutional status of Cornwall and seeks greater autonomy within the United Kingdom in the form of a devolved legislative Cornish Assembly and powers similar to those in Wales and Scotland. Cornwall has been a unitary authority since the 2009 structural changes to local government in England. In 2014, Cornish people were granted minority status under the European Framework Convention for the Protection of National Minorities, giving Cornish people recognition as a distinct ethnic group.
Manchester () is a city and metropolitan borough in Greater Manchester, England, with a population of 530,300 . It lies within the United Kingdom's second-most populous urban area, with a population of 2.55 million. Manchester is fringed by the Cheshire Plain to the south, the Pennines to the north and east and an arc of towns with which it forms a continuous conurbation. The local authority is Manchester City Council.   The recorded history of Manchester began with the civilian settlement associated with the Roman fort of "Mamucium" or "Mancunium", which was established in about AD 79 on a sandstone bluff near the confluence of the rivers Medlock and Irwell. It was historically a part of Lancashire, although areas of Cheshire south of the River Mersey were incorporated in the 20th century. Throughout the Middle Ages Manchester remained a manorial township but began to expand "at an astonishing rate" around the turn of the 19th century. Manchester's unplanned urbanisation was brought on by a boom in textile manufacture during the Industrial Revolution, and resulted in it becoming the world's first industrialised city.   Manchester achieved city status in 1853. The Manchester Ship Canal opened in 1894, creating the Port of Manchester and linking the city to the sea, to the west. Its fortunes declined after the Second World War, owing to deindustrialisation, but the IRA bombing in 1996 led to extensive investment and regeneration.
In an ecosystem, predation is a biological interaction where a predator (an organism that is hunting) feeds on its prey (the organism that is attacked). Predators may or may not kill their prey prior to feeding on them, but the act of predation often results in the death of the prey and the eventual absorption of the prey's tissue through consumption. Thus predation is often, though not always, carnivory. Other categories of consumption are herbivory (eating parts of plants), fungivory (eating parts of fungi), and detritivory (the consumption of dead organic material (detritus)). All these consumption categories fall under the rubric of consumer-resource systems. It can often be difficult to separate various types of feeding behaviors. For example, some parasitic species prey on a host organism and then lay their eggs on it for their offspring to feed on it while it continues to live in or on its decaying corpse after it has died. The key characteristic of predation however is the predator's direct impact on the prey population. On the other hand, detritivores simply eat dead organic material arising from the decay of dead individuals and have no direct impact on the "donor" organism(s).
Like he does every week, Chris Hardwick hosted "Talking Dead" on Sunday night -- but this time, he was coping with a heartbreaking loss.   His father, Billy Hardwick, died of an apparent heart attack a day earlier.   Chris Hardwick, who hosts the aftershow for AMC's most-watched series, "Walking Dead," said he decided to continue with his duties because it was an appreciated distraction.   He said he was grateful that he had a chance to tell his 72-year-old father that he loved him, and encouraged viewers to appreciate their families.   Billy Hardwick was a Hall of Fame bowler who also appeared on his son's podcast, nerdist.   "My dad was my favorite podcast guest. He was amazingly open and it brought us closer," Chris Hardwick tweeted Saturday.   According to the Professional Bowling Association, Billy Hardwick's career took off after "one of the greatest turnarounds in professional bowling history."   He went from a rookie in 1962 to winning four titles the next season.   After he retired, he opened Billy Hardwick's All-Star Lanes in Memphis, Tennessee.   People we lost in 2013   CNN's Susan Candiotti contributed to this report.   
One of the most famous people born in Warsaw was Maria Skłodowska-Curie, who achieved international recognition for her research on radioactivity and was the first female recipient of the Nobel Prize. Famous musicians include Władysław Szpilman and Frédéric Chopin. Though Chopin was born in the village of Żelazowa Wola, about 60 km (37 mi) from Warsaw, he moved to the city with his family when he was seven months old. Casimir Pulaski, a Polish general and hero of the American Revolutionary War, was born here in 1745.   The Saxon Garden, covering the area of 15.5 ha, was formally a royal garden. There are over 100 different species of trees and the avenues are a place to sit and relax. At the east end of the park, the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier is situated. In the 19th century the Krasiński Palace Garden was remodelled by Franciszek Szanior. Within the central area of the park one can still find old trees dating from that period: maidenhair tree, black walnut, Turkish hazel and Caucasian wingnut trees. With its benches, flower carpets, a pond with ducks on and a playground for kids, the Krasiński Palace Garden is a popular strolling destination for the Varsovians. The Monument of the Warsaw Ghetto Uprising is also situated here. The Łazienki Park covers the area of 76 ha. The unique character and history of the park is reflected in its landscape architecture (pavilions, sculptures, bridges, cascades, ponds) and vegetation (domestic and foreign species of trees and bushes). What makes this park different from other green spaces in Warsaw is the presence of peacocks and pheasants, which can be seen here walking around freely, and royal carps in the pond. The Wilanów Palace Park, dates back to the second half of the 17th century. It covers the area of 43 ha. Its central French-styled area corresponds to the ancient, baroque forms of the palace. The eastern section of the park, closest to the Palace, is the two-level garden with a terrace facing the pond. The park around the Królikarnia Palace is situated on the old escarpment of the Vistula. The park has lanes running on a few levels deep into the ravines on both sides of the palace.
When Steve Maxwell graduated from college, he had an engineering degree and a high tech job -- but he couldn't balance his checkbook. "I took one finance class in college but dropped it to go on a ski trip," says the 45-year-old father of three, who lives in Windsor, Colorado. "I actually had to go to my bank and ask them to teach me how to read my statement."   One of the biggest obstacles to making money is not understanding it: Thousands of us avoid investing because we just don't get it. But to make money, you must be financially literate. "It bothered me that I didn't understand this stuff," says Steve, "so I read books and magazines about money management and investing, and I asked every financial whiz I knew to explain things to me."   He and his wife started applying the lessons: They made a point to _ . They never bought on impulse, always negotiated better deals (on their cars,cable bills, furniture) and stayed in their home long after they went for an expensive vacation. They also put 20 percent of their annual salary into investments.   Within ten years, they were millionaires, and people were coming to Steve for advice. "Someone would say, 'I need to refinance my house -- what should I do? 'A lot of times, I wouldn't know the answer, but I'd go to find it and learn something in the process," he says.   In 2003, Steve quit his job to become part owner of a company that holds personal finance seminars for employees of corporations like Wal Mart. He also started going to real estate investment seminars, and it's paid off: He now owns $ 30 million worth of investment properties, including apartment complexes, a shopping mall and a quarry.   "I was an engineer who never thought this life was possible, but all it truly takes is a little self education," says Steve. "You can do anything once you understand the basics."
The Sahrawi Republic, officially the Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic (SADR; ; ""), is a partially recognized state that controls a thin strip of area in the Western Sahara region and claims sovereignty over the entire territory of Western Sahara, a former Spanish colony. SADR was proclaimed by the Polisario Front on February 27, 1976, in Bir Lehlou, Western Sahara, a former communist liberation force (modeled after that of Cuba) which has since reformed its ideological and political views.   The SADR government controls about 20–25% of the territory it claims. It calls the territories under its control the Liberated Territories or the Free Zone. Morocco controls and administers the rest of the disputed territory and calls these lands its Southern Provinces. The SADR government considers the Moroccan-held territory to be occupied territory, while Morocco considers the much smaller SADR-held territory to be a buffer zone. The claimed capital of the SADR is El-Aaiún, while the temporary capital has been moved from Bir Lehlou to Tifariti.   The Sahrawi Republic maintains diplomatic relations with 40 UN states, and is a full member of the African Union.   Following the Spanish evacuation of Spanish Sahara, Spain, Morocco, and Mauritania signed the Madrid Accords on November 14, 1975, leading to both Morocco and Mauritania moving in to annex the territory of Western Sahara. On 26 February 1976, Spain informed the United Nations that as of that date it had terminated its presence in Western Sahara and relinquished its responsibilities, leaving no Administering Power. Neither Morocco nor Mauritania gained international recognition, and war ensued with the independence-seeking Polisario Front. The United Nations considers the Polisario Front to be the legitimate representative of the Sahrawi people, and maintains that the people of Western Sahara have a right to "self-determination and independence."
Department stores today have sections that sell the following: clothing, furniture, home appliances, toys, cosmetics, gardening, toiletries, sporting goods, do it yourself, paint, and hardware and additionally select other lines of products such as food, books, jewelry, electronics, stationery, photographic equipment, baby products, and products for pets. Customers check out near the front of the store or, alternatively, at sales counters within each department. Some are part of a retail chain of many stores, while others may be independent retailers. In the 1970s, they came under heavy pressure from discounters. Since 2010, they have come under even heavier pressure from online stores such as Amazon.   The origins of the department store lay in the growth of the conspicuous consumer society at the turn of the 19th century. As the Industrial Revolution accelerated economy expansion, the affluent middle-class grew in size and wealth. This urbanized social group, sharing a culture of consumption and changing fashion, was the catalyst for the retail revolution. As rising prosperity and social mobility increased the number of people, especially women (who found they could shop unaccompanied at department stores without damaging their reputation), with disposable income in the late Georgian period, window shopping was transformed into a leisure activity and entrepreneurs, like the potter Josiah Wedgwood, pioneered the use of marketing techniques to influence the prevailing tastes and preferences of society.
British actor and comedian Rik Mayall died at 56 in London . As one of the leading lights of Britain's comedy scene in the 1980s , he is best known for starring roles in hit TV series Blackadder , The Young Ones , The New Statesman and Bottom .   His agent, Kate Benson told CNN Mayall died suddenly ; she did not know the cause of his death.   Mayall first found widespread fame in student sitcom "The Young Ones," which ran for two years on the BBC, and was later shown on MTV in the United States. The series focused on the lives of four roommates at "Scumbag College."   Writer and comedian Ben Elton told the Press Association Mayall had " changed his life " by asking him to work on The Young Ones . " He always made me cry with laughter , now he's just made me cry . "   In the 1990s, Mayall played a role in Bottom , a series about two unemployed flat mates who spend most of their time attacking each other violently with anything that comes to hand . Mayall also branched out into movies , taking the lead role in 1991's Drop Dead Fred , in which he played the imaginary friend of Phoebe Cates , returning years later to cause trouble in the now grown-up Cates' life .   Mayall survived a bike accident in 1998; he was unconscious for five days after the crash, on his farm in Devon, southwest England, and developed epilepsy as a result of the severe head injury he suffered in the accident . In an interview several years later, he joked that he "beat Jesus" by coming back from the hell . He said the accident left him more aware of being alive.   House star Hugh Laurie, who worked with Mayall on Blackadder, took to Twitter to recount a story about his co-star: "A young girl, stricken with terminal cancer, once asked Rik Mayall for an autograph. He wrote: 'Young Ones are never afraid.'"
Soaping up your hands may do more than just get rid of germs. It may wash away the inner confusion you feel right after being forced to make a choice between two appealing choices, according to a new study. The study builds on the past research into a phenomenon known as "the Macbeth effect" . It turns out that Shakespeare was really onto something when he imagined Lady Macbeth trying to clean her conscience by rubbing invisible bloodstains from her hands. A few years ago, scientists asked people to describe a past wrong act. If people were then given a chance to clean their hands, they later expressed less guilt than people who hadn't cleaned. This finding interested W. S. Lee, a researcher. "Anything from the past, any kind of negative emotional experiences, might be washed away," says Lee. He decided to test hand washing's effect on one kind of bad feeling:the tension we feel after being forced to choose between two attractive choices, because picking one choice makes us feel that we've lost the other. People usually try to calm this inner conflict by later exaggerating the positive aspects of their choice. He had students rank 10 different music CDs. Then he offered students two of the CDs and told them to select one as a gift. Some students then used liquid soap. Others only looked at the soap or sniffed it. "Actually, you do not need water and soap," says Lee. Later, the students again had to rank all the music CDs. People who didn't wash their hands had the normal response -- they scored their take-home CD higher, suggesting that they now saw it as an even more attractive one than before. But this wasn't true for the hand washers. They ranked the music about the same. "They feel no need at all to justify (...)the choice," says Lee. But the effects of it just aren't clear. Schwarz says it's too soon to know whether people should head for a sink after making a tough choice. He says washing may help decision-makers by cleaning away mental disorder. But perhaps if they don't go through the usual post-decision process of justifying their choice, they might feel more sorrow in the long run.
The motivation to succeed comes from the burning desire to achieve a purpose. Napoleon Hill wrote, "whatever the mind of man can conceive and believe, the mind can achieve." A young man asked Socrates the secrets to success. Socrates told the young man to meet him near the river the next morning. When they meet, Socrates asked the young man to walk with him towards the river. When the water got up to their necks, Socrates took the young man by surprise and pressed him into the water. The boy struggled to get out but Socrates was strong and kept him there until the boy stared turning blue. Socrates pulled his head out of the water and the first thing the young man did was to gasp and take a deep breath of air. Socrates asked, "What did you want the most when you were there?" the boy replied. "Air." Socrates said," That is the secret to success. When you want success as badly as you wanted the air, then you will get it. There is no other secret." A burning desire is the starting point of all accomplishment . Just like a small fire cannot give much heat, a weak desire cannot produce great results.
BLOOMINGTON --- Once Staci Roper, 14, starts sending text messages, she finds it hard to stop. " Sometimes I text from the time I get up until I go to bed, except during school," said the eighth-grader at Kingsley Junior High.   Her sister Sara Roper, 18, also texts a lot, saying "It is a lot easier than using the telephone."   For teens, technology has become a common way to start and keep social contacts.   Richard Sullivan, a teacher at Illinois State University, said text messaging has become "the new way of passing notes."   "It is an important tool for social communication, especially for the youth," Sullivan said.   But the girls have to store their mobile phones during school because they can be a distraction , Sullivan said.   That is why parents must monitor their children's mobile phone use, said Tim Shannon, a child psychologist at Carle Clinic in Bloomington.   The same technologies that can help communication can be _ if children use them to ignore their family at supper, Shannon said.   While Linda Roper does not allow her children to text massages during meals, she usually does not need to intervene . "My kids are both very disciplined and good about doing their homework," she said.   Gary and Mary Carstens also do not allow their children to text at supper or at family get-togethers.   Their daughter, Kayla, 14, usually texts more on weekends when she has more free time. Kayla likes text messaging "because others can't hear you."   The Carstens got Kayla a mobile phone several years ago because she is active in after-class sports and the phone allows her parents to keep in touch with her.   Mary Carstens believes all the communication allowed by modern technology is good for her kids.
In real life, the daily struggles between parents and children are around these narrow problems of an extra hour, extra TV show, and so on" said Avi Sadeh, psychology professor at Tel Aviv University. "Too little sleep and more accidents," he said.   Sadeh and his colleagues found an extra hour of sleep can make a big difference. The children who slept longer, although they woke up more frequently during the night, scored higher on tests, Sadeh reported in the March/April issue of journal Child Development.   "When the children slept longer, their sleep quality was somewhat weak, but in spite of this their performance for study improved because the extra sleep was more significant than the reduction in sleep quality. " Sadeh said. "Some studies suggested that lack of sleep as a child affects development into adulthood and it's more likely to develop their attention disorder when they grow older. "   In earlier studies, Sadeh's team found that fourth graders slept an average of 8. 2 hours and sixth graders slept an average of 7. 7 hours.   "Previous research has shown children in elementary school need at least nine hours of sleep a night on a regular basis, said Carl Hunt, director of the National Center on Sleep Disorders Research in Bethesda, and high-school-age children need somewhat less, he said, adding the results of insufficient sleep could be serious.   "A tired child is an accident waiting to happen," Hunt said. "And as kids get older, toys get bigger and the risks higher. "Hunt also said too little sleep could result in learning and memory problems and long-term effects on school performance.   "This is an important extension of what we already know, " Hunt said of Sadeh's research, adding sleep is as important as nutrition and exercise to good health.   "To put it into reality," Hunt said, "parents should make sure they know when their children actually are going to sleep and their rooms are conducive to sleeping instead of playing. "
Chad walked to the pet store. He saw puppies. There was a black and white puppy. Chad liked the puppy. Chad walked the puppy home on a leash. He took the puppy in the yard to play. He found a ball to play fetch with the puppy. Chad threw the ball and the puppy chased it across the yard. After they were done playing, Chad fed and watered the puppy. He found two bowls in the kitchen. He filled one with water. He filled the other bowl with dog food. The puppy ran to the bowls to eat and drink. When the puppy was finished eating it became tired. Chad made the puppy a bed out of an old pillow. The puppy curled up on the pillow and went to sleep.
On the broad landing between Miss Havisham's own room and that other room in which the long table was laid out, I saw a garden chair -- a light chair on wheels that you pushed from behind. It had been placed there since my last visit, and that same day I pushed Miss Havisham in this chair (when she was tired of walking with her hand upon my shoulder) round her own room, and across the landing and round the other room, which, from that day on, became my regular job.   As we began to be more used to one another, Miss Havisham talked more to me, and asked me such questions as what had I learnt and what was I going to be? I told her I was going to be apprenticed to Joe, my sister's husband; then I explained my knowing nothing and wanting to know everything, in the hope that she might offer some help. But, she did not; on the contrary, she seemed to prefer my being ignorant. Neither did she ever give me any money - or anything but my daily dinner - nor even mentioned that I should be paid for my services.   Estella was always about, and always let me in and out, but never told me I might kiss her again. Sometimes, she would coldly tolerate me; sometimes, she would be seemingly kind to me; sometimes, she would be quite familiar with me; sometimes, she would tell me energetically that she hated me. Miss Havisham would often ask me in a whisper, or when we were alone, "Does she grow prettier and prettier, Pip?" And when I said yes, Miss Havisham would seem to enjoy it greedily. Also, when we played at cards Miss Havisham would look on Estella's moods, whatever they were. And sometimes, when her moods were so many and so contradictory of one another that I was puzzled what to say or do, Miss Havisham would hold her tightly with great fondness, saying something quietly in her ear that sounded like "Break their hearts my pride and hope, break their hearts and have no mercy!"
"Find a job you love, and you'll never work a day in your life." Do you agree with this old saying? Joanne Gordon does. She is the author of Be Happy at work and other books about careers . Gordon believes that about 30% of employees in North America do not like their jobs, and she thinks that is terrible. She wants to help people who do not feel satisfied with their jobs find work that is good for them. Joanne says, "There are no happy jobs, only happy workers." She believes that happy workers share three main characteristics.   First, happy workers enjoy the daily activities of their jobs, and they look forward to the workday. Take Tony Hawk, for example. At age 14, he became a professional skateboarder. Now he is a businessman working on projects related to skateboarding--films and video games, but he still skates every day. He once said, "My youngest son's pre-school was recently asked what their dads do for work. My son said, 'I've never seen my dad do work.'" Tony agrees that his job doesn't look like work. He has found a way to spend each day doing a job he enjoys.   Second, happy workers like the people they work with. Sally Ayote says, "I work with the coolest people in the world." She and her group cook for almost 1,200 people in Antarctica. Most of these people are scientists who are doing research. Sally loves to sit and talk with them. She says, "There is no television here, no radio, so I get to know the scientists and what they're studying." Sally thinks she has a great job, and the best part about it is the people.   Third, happy workers know that their work helps others. Caroline Baron's work helps people who have had to leave their home countries because of war or other dangers. She is a filmmaker who started an organization called FilmAid, which shows movies in refugee camps around the world. Caroline believes that movies can be very helpful in these camps. For one thing, entertaining movies let refugees forget their troubles for a little while. Movies can also teach important subjects like health and safety. For example, in one camp, thousands of refugees saw a movie about how to get clean water. Caroline knows that is helping other people, and this makes her feel proud and happy about her work.   Tony Hawk, Sally Ayote, and Caroline Baron all get great satisfaction from their work. Tony Hawk says, "Find the thing you love. If you are doing what you love, there is much more happiness there than being rich or famous." Joanne Gordon would agree. She encourages people to find something they enjoy doing, find people they like to work with, and find ways to help others. Then they can be proud of what they do, and they will probably be happy at work.
Casey Anthony is responsible for the 2008 death of her 2-year-old daughter Caylee, a report released Thursday by Florida's Department of Children and Families concludes.   A month after a jury acquitted Anthony on murder and child neglect charges, the state agency found that Anthony "is the caregiver responsible for the verified maltreatments of death, threatened harm and failure to protect" in her daughter's death.   Carrie Hoeppner, a spokeswoman for the Department of Children and Families, said the report was issued this week as a "professional courtesy" after the sheriff's office and prosecutors finished their work on the case.   She added that the state agency is mandated to conduct reviews when there are allegations that a child dies as a result of abuse, abandonment or neglect. The agency had no contact with the Anthonys prior to the girl's disappearance in the summer of 2008, Hoeppner added.   The Orange County Sheriff's Office will not take any further action as a result of the report, Capt. Angelo Nieves said Thursday.   "This closes out the DCF case, and it does not create additional follow-up on our part," he said.   The report said: "The Department of Children and Families concludes that the actions or the lack of actions by the alleged perpetrator ultimately resulted or contributed in the death of the child." The report was signed by officials in the department Wednesday.   Anthony is now free. While she was cleared on murder and aggravated child abuse charges, the 25-year-old Orlando woman was convicted on four counts related to misleading law enforcement authorities. She was sentenced to four years in jail on those convictions, but was given credit for the time she had already served between her arrest and the end of the seven-week trial and was released from jail in mid-July. Prosecutors cannot appeal the acquittals. 
Nick and his friends were talking about things that can bring them luck . "I have a lucky red pen," said Andrea. "I have a lucky penny ," said Manuel. Every time I want to do really well in tests, I carry my lucky penny." Nick thought for a moment, and answered, "My blue socks." "Blue socks?" the boys were surprised and asked together. Nick said that every time he wore his blue socks to school before a test, he got a good mark. The next day Nick would have a Chinese test. He was sad because he couldn't find his blue socks to wear to school. "Mom!" shouted Nick. "Where are my blue socks? I will have a Chinese test, and I need to wear them." "Don't be silly," Nick's mom said. "They need to be washed." "When I wear them, I get a good grade," Nick said. "Did you prepare for your test?" asked Mom. "Yes." "Then don't worry about it. Just do your best," Mom encouraged. Nick was worried about his test because his lucky socks would not help him. A few days later, Nick's teacher told him that he got 95 in his test. Nick was so excited that he couldn't wait to tell Mom how well he did in his test. Mom said, "It wasn't the blue socks that made you successful. It was made by yourself."
A web browser (commonly referred to as a browser) is a software application for retrieving, presenting, and traversing information resources on the World Wide Web. An information resource is identified by a Uniform Resource Identifier (URI/URL) and may be a web page, image, video or other piece of content. Hyperlinks present in resources enable users easily to navigate their browsers to related resources.   Although browsers are primarily intended to use the World Wide Web, they can also be used to access information provided by web servers in private networks or files in file systems.   The first web browser was invented in 1990 by Sir Tim Berners-Lee. Berners-Lee is the director of the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C), which oversees the Web's continued development, and is also the founder of the World Wide Web Foundation. His browser was called WorldWideWeb and later renamed Nexus.   In 1993, browser software was further innovated by Marc Andreessen with the release of Mosaic, "the world's first popular browser", which made the World Wide Web system easy to use and more accessible to the average person. Andreesen's browser sparked the internet boom of the 1990s. The introduction of Mosaic in 1993 – one of the first graphical web browsers – led to an explosion in web use. Andreessen, the leader of the Mosaic team at National Center for Supercomputing Applications (NCSA), soon started his own company, named Netscape, and released the Mosaic-influenced Netscape Navigator in 1994, which quickly became the world's most popular browser, accounting for 90% of all web use at its peak (see usage share of web browsers).
What do Tom Sawyer and Jumping Frogs have in common? Stories about both of them were created by one man: Mark Twain. Twain was four years old when his family moved to Hannibal, Missouri, located on the west bank of the Mississippi. Twain grew up there and was fascinated with (......) life along the river----the steamboats, the giant lumber rafts, and the people who worked on them.   The Celebrated Jumping Frog of Calaveras County is one of Twain's best loved short stories, and The Adventures of Tom Sawyer is one of his most famous novels. Both these works are celebrated by events held during National Tom Sawyer Days, which originated in the late 1950s and became national in the 1960s. Children enter their frogs in the jumping contest during National Tom Sawyer Days. There's also a fence painting contest to see who can paint the fastest. The idea for this contest comes from a scene in Tom Sawyer, in which Tom has been told to paint the fence in front of the house he lives in. It's a beautiful day, and he would rather be doing anything else. As his friends walk by, he makes them believe that it's fun to paint, and they join in the "fun". By the end of the day, the fence has three coats of paint!   Although the story of Tom Sawyer is a fiction, it's based on facts. If you go to Hannibal, you'll see the white fence, which still stands at Twain's boyhood home.
All big ideas start small, and Calle 13 -- a wildly popular alternative urban band from Puerto Rico -- is no exception.   Its members, Rene Perez, who goes by "Residente," and Eduardo Cabra, "Visitante," are stepbrothers. When their parents divorced, Cabra would visit Perez at his father's house on 13th Street, or Calle 13.   He was required to identify himself to enter, as either a resident, "residente" or visitor, "visitante," in Spanish.   The names stuck.   "Later, it took on another meaning, with the question of whether immigrants are residents or visitors," said Perez, who along with Cabra, recently sat down to talk with CNN en EspaÃ±ol's Claudia Palacios. "But that was how it started."   Neither brother could have imagined then what Calle 13 would become -- one of the most highly praised and talked-about groups to come out of Latin America in years. It has won more than 20 Grammys and moved beyond its reggaeton roots to include instruments and sounds from all over the region, winning critical and popular praise in the process.   Though raunchy, the group's lyrics are often hard-hitting on social issues, and Perez is particularly well-known for being outspoken about poverty, Puerto Rican independence and education.   Asked how he views his career now, Perez said he's matured and made some adjustments so that people can better hear and understand his message.   "I liked to use bad words," said Perez, who raps and writes the group's lyrics. "Because it seemed to me it gave a reality that's missing in music." 
One day , there was a blind man called John was on the bench with a hat by his feet and a sign that read , "I am blind . Please help me . A creative publicist named Tom was walking by the blind man and stopped to see that the man only had a few coins in his hat . He put a few of his own coins in the hat . Without asking for permission , he took the sign , turned it around and wrote a new message . Then he put the sign by the feet of the blind man and left. Later that afternoon the publicist returned to the blind man and noticed that his hat was almost full of bills and coins . The blind man recognized his footsteps and asked if it was he who had changed his sign . He also wanted to know what the man wrote on it . The publicist said , "I just wrote the message a little differently ." He smiled and went on his way. The new sign read , "Spring has come , but I can't see anything ."
The region, as part of Lorraine, was part of the Holy Roman Empire, and then was gradually annexed by France in the 17th century, and formalized as one of the provinces of France. The Calvinist manufacturing republic of Mulhouse, known as Stadtrepublik Mülhausen, became a part of Alsace after a vote by its citizens on 4 January 1798. Alsace is frequently mentioned with and as part of Lorraine and the former duchy of Lorraine, since it was a vital part of the duchy, and later because German possession as the imperial province (Alsace-Lorraine, 1871–1918) was contested in the 19th and 20th centuries; France and Germany exchanged control of parts of Lorraine (including Alsace) four times in 75 years.   With the decline of the Roman Empire, Alsace became the territory of the Germanic Alemanni. The Alemanni were agricultural people, and their Germanic language formed the basis of modern-day dialects spoken along the Upper Rhine (Alsatian, Alemannian, Swabian, Swiss). Clovis and the Franks defeated the Alemanni during the 5th century AD, culminating with the Battle of Tolbiac, and Alsace became part of the Kingdom of Austrasia. Under Clovis' Merovingian successors the inhabitants were Christianized. Alsace remained under Frankish control until the Frankish realm, following the Oaths of Strasbourg of 842, was formally dissolved in 843 at the Treaty of Verdun; the grandsons of Charlemagne divided the realm into three parts. Alsace formed part of the Middle Francia, which was ruled by the youngest grandson Lothar I. Lothar died early in 855 and his realm was divided into three parts. The part known as Lotharingia, or Lorraine, was given to Lothar's son. The rest was shared between Lothar's brothers Charles the Bald (ruler of the West Frankish realm) and Louis the German (ruler of the East Frankish realm). The Kingdom of Lotharingia was short-lived, however, becoming the stem duchy of Lorraine in Eastern Francia after the Treaty of Ribemont in 880. Alsace was united with the other Alemanni east of the Rhine into the stem duchy of Swabia.
Immunology is a branch of biomedical science that covers the study of immune systems in all organisms. It charts, measures, and contextualizes the: physiological functioning of the immune system in states of both health and diseases; malfunctions of the immune system in immunological disorders (such as autoimmune diseases, hypersensitivities, immune deficiency, and transplant rejection); the physical, chemical and physiological characteristics of the components of the immune system in vitro, in situ, and in vivo. Immunology has applications in numerous disciplines of medicine, particularly in the fields of organ transplantation, oncology, virology, bacteriology, parasitology, psychiatry, and dermatology.   Prior to the designation of immunity from the etymological root immunis, which is Latin for "exempt"; early physicians characterized organs that would later be proven as essential components of the immune system. The important lymphoid organs of the immune system are the thymus and bone marrow, and chief lymphatic tissues such as spleen, tonsils, lymph vessels, lymph nodes, adenoids, and liver. When health conditions worsen to emergency status, portions of immune system organs including the thymus, spleen, bone marrow, lymph nodes and other lymphatic tissues can be surgically excised for examination while patients are still alive.
Once there was a boy named Bill who liked to play at being a cowboy. One day he was playing at chasing Indians in his room when he heard a loud crack of thunder. He got really scared. Bill's parents, Ned and Susan, came into his room. They told him not to be scared. They said they were going to make sure the car windows were shut and they would be back soon. Bill said okay. He climbed under his bed and listened to the wind outside. He had his favorite toy gun to keep him safe, but he was still scared because his parents weren't back yet. His brother Zack had given him the gun. Bill started to think he could hear voices in the wind. It sounded like a strange kind of chanting. He started to shake and hug his toy gun. He said, "I'm not afraid of you. If you try to hurt me I'll shoot you." After that he felt a little better. But then he jumped as his bedroom door slammed shut. He hit his head on the bottom of his bed and it hurt. He looked out from under his blanket and saw a strange orange light in his room. He was worried that it was on fire, but he couldn't smell any smoke.
Flash floods swept Saturday through the eastern Indian states of Odisha, where at least 19 people were killed, and Andhra Pradesh, where another 21 were killed, CNN-IBN reported.   "The flood water entered our village suddenly," one rescued villager told Reuters. "We tried to save our belongings but could not. At last we ran away to a safe place. Now the problem is we don't have food to eat and are staying under open sky."   But a local Puri government official, Madhusudhan Das, said help was under way.   "We have arranged for dry fruits and have also taken efforts for evacuation," he said. "We have arranged free kitchen for them. Tickets will be provided to them. We will give them house damage assistance. Houses have been damaged on a large scale. We are trying our level best to finish the huge amount of work within a week and we'll also provide them assistance for house damage."   In all, 13 districts in Odisha were affected, P.K. Mohapatra, special relief commissioner, said in a telephone interview.   Most affected was the Ganjam District, where 85,000 people were evacuated, he said.   "The situation is very grim as the entire Delta area is completely inundated," Guntur district Collector S Suresh Kumar told CNN's sister network. "Drains and tanks are overflowing and there is a threat of breaches occurring at some places because of the nonstop rain."   Flooding led officials to cancel the fifth of a planned series of seven One Day International cricket matches between India and Australia. 
The term Hispanic ( or ) broadly refers to the people, nations, and cultures that have a historical link to Spain. It commonly applies to countries once owned by the Spanish Empire in the Americas (see Spanish colonization of the Americas) and Asia, particularly the countries of Hispanic America and the Philippines. It could be argued that the term should apply to all Spanish-speaking cultures or countries, as the historical roots of the word specifically pertain to the Iberian region. It is difficult to label a nation or culture with one term, such as "Hispanic", as the ethnicities, customs, traditions, and art forms (music, literature, dress, culture, cuisine, and others) vary greatly by country and region. The Spanish language and Spanish culture are the main distinctions.   "Hispanic" originally referred to the people of ancient Roman Hispania, which roughly comprised the Iberian Peninsula, including the contemporary states of Spain, Portugal, Andorra, and the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar.   The term "Hispanic" derives from Latin "Hispanicus" ('Spanish'), the adjectival derivation of Latin (and Greek) "Hispania" ('Spain') and "Hispanus"/"Hispanos" ('Spaniard'), ultimately probably of Celtiberian origin. In English the word is attested from the 16th century (and in the late 19th century in American English).
A 29-year-old who admitted leaking details of a secret U.S. government program that collects massive phone and Internet data now says he doesn't want attention.   Too late, Edward Snowden. You're getting it -- on every scale, good and bad, across the Internet on social media and on every news broadcast. People of every age and range of experience, including national security experts, are weighing in on what you've done.   Some love you, others despise you. You're now a lightning rod for spirited debate surrounding government transparency versus public protection against the threat of terrorism.   Like WikiLeaks' source Bradley Manning, now on trial for leaking secrets, Snowden said he independently decided that the program was counter to American principles and should be revealed.   "There is no public oversight," he told the Guardian newspaper.   Like Manning, he went outside the system, and critics are blasting the computer expert for not airing concerns internally.   Snowden's actions have united some strange bedfellows. Left-leaning filmmaker Michael Moore and right-leaning commentator Glenn Beck tweeted that they think he's a "hero."   Democratic senators Ron Wyden of Oregon and Mark Udall of Colorado and Republican Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky say they're worried the government could be overreaching with the program. Opensecrets.org lists Snowden as contributing to the 2012 presidential campaign of Rand Paul's father, libertarian Ron Paul.   Dozens of Facebook pages supporting Snowden have popped up in the past day. There are at least 2 million mentions of the North Carolina native on Twitter. Comments are so wide-ranging it's hard to put a finger on one theme, but social media aggregator BuzzFeed says that the word "hero" pops up more on Twitter than "traitor." 
My summer hols wr CWOT. B4, we usd 2 go 2 NY 2C my bro, his CF & thr 3:-@ kids FTF ILNY, its gr8. Can you understand this sentence? If you can't, don't feel too bad: neither could the middle school teacher in England who received this as homework. This is Netspeak: the language of computerized communication found on Internet or cellphones. To newcomers, it can look like a completely foreign language. So, what is the "translation" of the sentence above? My summer holidays were a complete waste of time. Before, we used to go to New York to see my brother, his girlfriend, and their three screaming kids face to face. I love New York; it's great. Schoolteachers and parents say this new form of writing is harming the English language. Increasing spelling and grammatical mistakes cxan be seen in students' writing. They fear the language could become corrupted . Everyone should just relax, say linguists . They believe Netspeak is in fact more of a good thing. David Crystal, from the University of Wales, argues that Netspeak and Internet create a new language use and the almost lost art of diary writing has been picked up again. Geoffrey Nunberg, from Stanford University, agrees. "People get better at writing by writing," he says, "Kids who are now doing text messaging, e-mail, and instant messages will write at least as well as, and possibly better than, their parents." Linguist James Millroy says, for centuries, it is believed without exception that young people are harming the language. And you can bet your bottom dollar that when today's teenagers become tomorrow's parents, they too will think this way. Milroy argues that languages do not and cannot become "corrupted"; they simply change to meet the new needs. However, Netspeakers do agree that it is important to teach young people how to speak and write Standard English. Cynthia McVey says, "I can understand Netspeak worries teachers and it's important that they get across to their pupils that text messaging is for fun, but that learning to write proper English is a must for their future." Perhaps we should give teenagers a little more trust anyway. Erin, age 12, says, "I wouldn't use text language in my homework. Texting is just for fun"
The Standard Generalized Markup Language (SGML; ISO 8879:1986) is a standard for defining generalized markup languages for documents. ISO 8879 Annex A.1 defines generalized markup:   Generalized markup is based on two postulates:   HTML was theoretically an example of an SGML-based language until HTML 5, which admits that browsers cannot parse it as SGML (for compatibility reasons) and codifies exactly what they must do instead.   DocBook SGML and LinuxDoc are better examples, as they were used almost exclusively with actual SGML tools.   SGML is an ISO standard: "ISO 8879:1986 Information processing – Text and office systems – Standard Generalized Markup Language (SGML)", of which there are three versions:   SGML is part of a trio of enabling ISO standards for electronic documents developed by ISO/IEC JTC1/SC34 (ISO/IEC Joint Technical Committee 1, Subcommittee 34 – Document description and processing languages) :   SGML is supported by various technical reports, in particular   SGML descended from IBM's Generalized Markup Language (GML), which Charles Goldfarb, Edward Mosher, and Raymond Lorie developed in the 1960s. Goldfarb, editor of the international standard, coined the “GML” term using their surname initials. Goldfarb also wrote the definitive work on SGML syntax in "The SGML Handbook". The syntax of SGML is closer to the COCOA format. As a document markup language, SGML was originally designed to enable the sharing of machine-readable large-project documents in government, law, and industry. Many such documents must remain readable for several decades—a long time in the information technology field. SGML also was extensively applied by the military, and the aerospace, technical reference, and industrial publishing industries. The advent of the XML profile has made SGML suitable for widespread application for small-scale, general-purpose use.
Chlorine is a chemical element with symbol Cl and atomic number 17. The second-lightest of the halogens, it appears between fluorine and bromine in the periodic table and its properties are mostly intermediate between them. Chlorine is a yellow-green gas at room temperature. It is an extremely reactive element and a strong oxidising agent: among the elements, it has the highest electron affinity and the third-highest electronegativity, behind only oxygen and fluorine.   The most common compound of chlorine, sodium chloride (common salt), has been known since ancient times. Around 1630, chlorine gas was first synthesised in a chemical reaction, but not recognised as a fundamentally important substance. Carl Wilhelm Scheele wrote a description of chlorine gas in 1774, supposing it to be an oxide of a new element. In 1809, chemists suggested that the gas might be a pure element, and this was confirmed by Sir Humphry Davy in 1810, who named it from based on its colour.   Because of its great reactivity, all chlorine in the Earth's crust is in the form of ionic chloride compounds, which includes table salt. It is the second-most abundant halogen (after fluorine) and twenty-first most abundant chemical element in Earth's crust. These crustal deposits are nevertheless dwarfed by the huge reserves of chloride in seawater.
Joe and his friends wanted to join the school's Christmas show. He asked his friends at school what would be a good idea for the Christmas show. They came up with lots of ideas but had trouble choosing which idea to use. One person wanted to do a dance show. Another person wanted to put on a play. So Joe told everyone to write their idea down on a piece of paper. Then he took everyone's idea, put it into a hat, mixed them up, and picked one idea. He read the idea out loud to his friends. It said, "musical". So Joe and his friends were going to put on a musical.   The first thing Joe did was give each of his friends a different job. Jane, Rick, and Peter would be the singers in the show. Max and Sam would set up the stage and the lights. Marsha and Tammy would make the costumes. Later, Joe wanted more singers so he added Sam and Marsha as singers.   On the day of the school Christmas show, the school loved the musical and cheered for Joe and his friends when it ended. Joe and his friends celebrated by going out for ice cream. The ice cream shop was all out of Joe's favorite flavor, strawberry, so Joe chose to get chocolate ice cream instead.
Thomas Edison lit up the world with his invention of the electric light. Without him, the world might still be in the dark. However, the electric light was not his only invention. He also invented the motion picture camera and 1200 other things. About every two weeks he created something new. Thomas Edison was born in 1847. He attended school for only three months. His mother taught him at home, but Thomas was mostly self-educated. He started experimenting at a young age. When he was 12 years old, he got his first job. He became a newsboy on a train. He did experiments on the train in his spare time. Unluckily, his first work experience did not end well. They _ him when he accidentally set fire to the floor of the train. Then Edison worked for five years as a telegraph operator, but he continued to spend much of his time in experimenting his first patent in 1868 for a vote recorder run by electricity. Thomas Edison was totally deaf in one ear and hard of hearing in the other, but he thought of his deafness as a blessing in many ways. It kept conversations short, so that he could have more time for work. He always worked 16 out of every 24hours. Sometimes his wife had to remind him to sleep and eat. Thomas Edison died at the age of 84. He left a great many inventions that greatly improved the quality of life all over the world.
I am Alice. I like We chat. It is fast, convenient and fashionable. And you can use it for free. It can be used in my mobile phone. It has hold-to-talk voice messaging function. I am a fan of Leehom Wang. Through We chat, Leehom Wang often says something to me. It's amazing. I am David. I love Micro blog. I update my Micro blog when I am free. We can share instant messages with each other. I often look through Yao Chen's Micro blog. She has many followers. I make many friends with them. I often write something on my Micro blog, for example, "I'm in blue today. I didn't pass the exam." Then many friends comfort me. I share my birthday party, my new phone, my new coat, etc. with my friends. It is fun. I'm Lily. I don't like We chat or Micro blog. I don't believe them. There are so many crimes on We chat. Many people are cheated because they believe in other people they meet on We chat easily. It is not a real world. As to Micro blog, I don't think it is a good way to make friends. And you should write something no more than 140 words. I like keeping diaries. I don't want my secrets known by others. I am a low-key girl.
A modern-day love story of a man seeing the girl of his dreams across a New York subway train and tracking her down over the Internet has failed to have a fairytale ending with the relationship over.   For Web designer Patrick Moberg, then 21, from Brooklyn, it was love at first sight when he saw a woman on a Manthttan train last November. But he lost her in the crowd so he set up a website with a sketch picture to find her--www.Nygirlofmydreams.com.   Unbelievably in a city of 8 million people, it only took Moberg 48 hours to find the woman, with his phone ringing non-stop and email box overflowing. New Yorkers took pity on the subway Romeo and joined his hunt.   The mysterious girl was named as Camille Hayton, from Melbourne, Australia, who was working at the magazine Black Book and also lived in Brooklyn. One of her friends saw the sketched picture on the Web site and recognized her.   But after finding each other, appearing on TV and getting international press, the couple took their romance out of the public eye, with Moberg closing down the Web site and with both refusing to make any more comments--until now.   Hayton told Australian newspaper The Sunday Telegraph that she dated Moberg for about two months but it just didn't work out.   "I say we dated for a while but now we're just friends," Hayton, now 23, told the newspaper. Hayton said she is still recognized about three times a week on the streets of Manhattan as "that girl" and the question is always the same: "So what happened?"   "I think the situation was so intense that it linked us," she said, adding, "it linked us in a way that you could mistake, I guess, for being more romantic than it was. I don't know. But I wanted to give it a go so didn't wonder what if, what if?"   Hayton told The Sunday Telegraph that she is enjoying single life in New York, keeping busy with acting classes, working in two clothing stores. Last week she had a small role as a waitress in the long-running daytime soap As the World Turns.   "I just can't believe it happened. It feels like a long time ago," said Hayton. Moberg, however, was still refusing to comment on the relationship.
The lawyer for the neighborhood watch leader who fatally shot unarmed 17-year-old Trayvon Martin in Sanford, Florida, said Thursday that his client has received about $200,000 from supporters.   Orlando lawyer Mark O'Mara told CNN's "AC360" that George Zimmerman told him Wednesday of the donations as they were trying to shut down his Internet presence to avoid concerns about possible impersonators and problems with his Twitter and Facebook accounts.   "He asked me what to do with his PayPal accounts and I asked him what he was talking about," O'Mara told Anderson Cooper. "And he said those were the accounts that had the money from the website he had. And there was about 200, $204,000 that had come in to date."   O'Mara had said earlier this month that he believed Zimmerman had no money. "I think he's indigent for costs," he said, adding that Zimmerman's relatives had few assets.   Zimmerman, 28, was released Monday on $150,000 bail, 10% of which his family put up to secure his release. He is accused of second-degree murder in the February 26 death of Martin, who was African-American. Critics have accused him of racially profiling Martin and unjustly killing him. He has said he shot in self-defense.   Asked whether knowledge of the money might have made a difference to Judge Kenneth Lester Jr., who presided at Zimmerman's bond hearing, O'Mara said, "It might have."   O'Mara continued, "I'm certainly going to disclose it to the court tomorrow -- coincidentally, we have a hearing."   He said he was prepared to "deal with any fallout," but predicted Lester would not feel misled. "I told him what I knew at the time, which was exactly what I was aware of." 
People think of ice cream as an American food. Yet, ice cream really came from Asia. In the late 1200s Marco Polo, the great explorer, is said to have seen rich Asians eating dishes of ice. Camels had brought the ice from distant mountains. Before it was served, the ice had been flavored with fruits. Marco Polo brought this new dish to Italy, In France cooks changed the ice recipe and made ice cream. At first, cooks tried to keep the recipe a secret. They wanted it to be a special dish for rich people. By the late 1700s, though, ice cream was sold throughout Europe and America. Some great Americans loved ice cream. George Washington was the first to buy a special machine for making it. When Thomas Jefferson returned from France, he brought an ice cream recipe home with him. Dolly Madison, wife of President James Madison, also liked ice cream, and she often served it at the White House. Actually, a famous brand of ice cream was even named after her. In the late 1800s, the ice cream industry began to grow. A way of keeping ice cream frozen had been found, so ice cream makers did not have to worry about ice cream melting anymore.
"Mohawk Guy," a Mars rover flight director, isn't just a social media sensation -- he made an impression on President Barack Obama, too.   "I, in the past, thought about getting a mohawk myself, but my team keeps on discouraging me," Obama told scientists at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in a phone call Monday broadcast on NASA TV.   "And now that he's received marriage proposals and thousands of new Twitter followers, I think that I'm going to go back to my team and see if it makes sense," he said to the sound of laughter from dozens of NASA employees.   Obama called NASA mission specialists to congratulate them on the successful landing of the rover Curiosity, which reached Mars one week ago. He praised them for their achievements in the phone call, which was both laudatory and lighthearted.   "Mohawk Guy," whose real name is Bobak Ferdowsi, has become famous for his look during the rover landing last week. As the world waited for Curiosity to touch down, Ferdowsi sported a red-and-black mohawk; the sides of his head featured yellow dyed stars.   Decoding the workplace dress code   "It does sound like NASA has come a long way from the white-shirt, black dark-rimmed glasses and the pocket protectors," Obama told Jet Propulsion Laboratory Director Charles Elachi and colleagues. "You guys are a little cooler than you used to be."   More seriously, Obama thanked the scientists for devoting their lives to the cause of exploration outside our planet.   "What you've accomplished embodies the American spirit," he said. "Our expectation is that Curiosity is going to be telling us things that we did not know before," he said, and that the rover will lay the groundwork for an even more "audacious undertaking," which would be "a human mission to the red planet." 
One day a man named John was walking down the block near the park when he came across a butterfly. The butterfly was on a flower in the park. The butterfly was named Jill. John watched as Jill flew from the flower to a telephone down the block. He followed Jill and watched her land on the phone. He felt curious about why Jill was sitting on the phone. Because of that feeling, he picked up the phone and all of a sudden he passed out. When he woke up he was in a warmer place than before. He looked around and saw that he was on a small piece of land in the middle of the ocean. Its name was Otonga, but John didn't know that. He looked behind him and saw a forest and a big volcano. Next to him there was a cat named Bob. John felt happy to be in such a nice place. He got up. Bob ran away into the forest. John looked at the ocean, but he couldn't see anything else there. He followed Bob. After walking through the forest for a short time he got tired and sat down.
There was a cat. Her name was Maggie. Maggie was a large cat. She was not tall but rather round. She was happy most of the time. Maggie lived with a family that loved her very much. They all lived in the city together downtown. They were no other animals that lived with them. They lived in an apartment. Maggie was lucky because she and her family lived on the ground floor and they had a big back yard that had a fence. This meant she got to go outside and play!   Maggie's family loved her very much. She knew this because they took such good care of her. She had her very own purple cat bed. She loved her bed, and purple. This was her favorite color and her favorite place to sleep. If she did not sleep on the lap of one of her family this was her favorite place to sleep. She also knew that they loved her because they made sure to feed her every day. In fact, they fed many times a day. This is why she was so large.   One day when she was in the yard a group of street cats came up to her. "Oink, oink" they said in mean voices. They were teasing her because she was so big. She did not know that other cats thought that being big was a bad thing. She knew they were upset because they did not have a family to feed them. Maggie went in and meowed to the family to come feed these new cats. They did, and from then on, every day, they came to Maggie's to eat, and Maggie became the most popular girl in the neighborhood.
A few years ago, Paul Gerner began to gather a group of architects in Las Vegas to ask them what it would take to design a public school that used 50 percent less energy, cost much less to build and obviously improved student learning. "I think half of them fell off their chairs," Gerner says.   Gerner manages school facilities for Clark County, Nevada, a district roughly the size of Massachusetts. By 2018, 143,000 additional students will enter the already crowded public-education system. Gerner needs 73 new schools to house them. Four architecture teams have nearly finished designing primary school prototypes ; they plan to construct their schools starting in 2009. The district will then assess how well the schools perform, and three winners will copy those designs in 50 to 70 new buildings.   Green schools are appearing all over, but in Clark County, which stands out for its vastness, such aggressive targets are difficult because design requirements like more natural light for students go against the realities of a desert climate. "One of the biggest challenges is getting the right site orientation ," Mark. McGinty, a director at SH Architecture, says. His firm recently completed a high school in Las Vegas. "You have the same building, same set of windows, but if its orientation is incorrect and it faces the sun, it will be really expensive to cool."   Surprisingly, the man responsible for one of re most progressive green-design competitions has doubts about ideas of eco-friendly buildings. "I don't believe in the new green religion," Gerner says. "Some of the building technologies that you get are impractical. I'm interested in those that work." But he wouldn't mind if some green features inspire students. He says he hopes to set up green energy systems that allow them to learn about the process of harvesting wind and solar power. "You never know what's going to start the interest of a child to study math and science," he says.
In 1883. John Roebling was inspired by an idea to build a spectacular bridge connecting New York with the Long Island. However, bridge building experts throughout the world thought this was an impossible feat and told Roebling to forget the idea, but Roebling could not ignore the vision he had in his mind of this bridge. After much discussion and persuasion he managed to convince his son Washington, an up and coming engineer, that the bridge in fact could be built.   The project started well, but when it was only a few months underway a tragic accident on the site took the life of John Roebling. Washington was injured and left with a certain amount of brain damage, which resulted in him not being able to walk or talk or even move.   "We told them so." "Crazy men and their crazy dreams.'' "It's foolish to chase wild visions." Evcryone had a negative comment to make and felt that the project should be scrapped since the Roeblings were the only ones who knew how the bridge could be built. In spite of his handicap, Washington was never discouraged.   One day he was lying on his bed in hospital, seeing the sky and the tops of the trees outside for just a moment with the sunlight streaming through the windows, and a gentle breeze bowing the flimsy white curtains apart when an idea hit him. He decided to make the best use of the only finger he could move. Thus, he slowly developed a code of communication with his wife.   He touched his wife's arm with that finger, indicating to her that he wanted her to call the engineers again. Then he used the same method of tapping her arm to tell the engineers what to do. It seemed foolish but the project was under way again.   For 13 years Washington tapped out his instructions with his finger on his wife's arm until the bridge was finally completed.
Richard Phillips Feynman (/ˈfaɪnmən/; May 11, 1918 – February 15, 1988) was an American theoretical physicist known for his work in the path integral formulation of quantum mechanics, the theory of quantum electrodynamics, and the physics of the superfluidity of supercooled liquid helium, as well as in particle physics for which he proposed the parton model. For his contributions to the development of quantum electrodynamics, Feynman, jointly with Julian Schwinger and Sin-Itiro Tomonaga, received the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1965. He developed a widely used pictorial representation scheme for the mathematical expressions governing the behavior of subatomic particles, which later became known as Feynman diagrams. During his lifetime, Feynman became one of the best-known scientists in the world. In a 1999 poll of 130 leading physicists worldwide by the British journal Physics World he was ranked as one of the ten greatest physicists of all time.   Feynman was a keen popularizer of physics through both books and lectures, including a 1959 talk on top-down nanotechnology called There's Plenty of Room at the Bottom, and the three-volume publication of his undergraduate lectures, The Feynman Lectures on Physics. Feynman also became known through his semi-autobiographical books Surely You're Joking, Mr. Feynman! and What Do You Care What Other People Think? and books written about him, such as Tuva or Bust! and Genius: The Life and Science of Richard Feynman by James Gleick.
Nova Scotia (; Latin for "New Scotland"; ; ) is one of Canada's three Maritime provinces, and one of the four provinces which form Atlantic Canada. Its provincial capital is Halifax. Nova Scotia is the second smallest of Canada's ten provinces, with an area of , including Cape Breton and another 3,800 coastal islands. As of 2016, the population was 923,598. Nova Scotia is the second most-densely populated province in Canada with .   "Nova Scotia" means "New Scotland" in Latin and is the recognized English language name for the province. In Scottish Gaelic, the province is called ", which also simply means "New Scotland". The province was first named in the 1621 Royal Charter granting the right to settle lands including modern Nova Scotia, Cape Breton Island, Prince Edward Island, New Brunswick and the Gaspé Peninsula to Sir William Alexander in 1632.   Nova Scotia is Canada's smallest province in area after Prince Edward Island. The province's mainland is the Nova Scotia peninsula surrounded by the Atlantic Ocean, including numerous bays and estuaries. Nowhere in Nova Scotia is more than from the ocean. Cape Breton Island, a large island to the northeast of the Nova Scotia mainland, is also part of the province, as is Sable Island, a small island notorious for its shipwrecks, approximately from the province's southern coast.
The Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) is a trade organization that represents the recording industry in the United States. Its members consist of record labels and distributors, which the RIAA says "create, manufacture and/or distribute approximately 85% of all legally sold recorded music in the United States." The RIAA headquarters is in Washington, D.C.   The RIAA was formed in 1952. Its original mission was to administer recording copyright fees and problems, work with trade unions, and do research relating to the record industry and government regulations. Early RIAA standards included the RIAA equalization curve, the format of the stereophonic record groove and the dimensions of 33 1/3 rpm, 45 rpm, and 78 rpm records.   The RIAA says its current mission includes:   Since 2001, the RIAA has spent $2 to $6 million each year on lobbying in the United States.   The RIAA also participates in the collective rights management of sound recordings, and it is responsible for certifying Gold and Platinum albums and singles in the United States.   Cary Sherman has been the RIAA's chairman and CEO since 2011. Sherman joined the RIAA as its general counsel in 1997 and became president of the board of directors in 2001, serving in that position until being made chairman and CEO.
The world produces about 4 billion metric tons of food a year but 1.2 to 2 billion tons is not eaten, the study by the London-based Institution of Mechanical Engineers said. It is instead thrown away. Experts say food is wasted in both rich and poor countries, but for different reasons.   Elliot Woolley teaches sustainable manufacturing at Loughborough University in Britain. He spoke at the Global Conference on Sustainable Manufacturing, which was held earlier this month in Vietnam.   Mr. Woolley said in poor countries, food is usually lost while it is still in the field or during storage and transportation. He said that is because food producers there are inefficient. These businesses are unable to operate effectively without wasting materials, time or energy. But he added that once food is sold in developing countries, people usually eat everything they buy.   However, people in developed countries throw away as much as half of the food they purchase. In the US, big contributors to waste include supersized portions that customers simply can't manage, and"eat as much as you want"offers in restaurants. In the UK, over-conservative sell-by dates on labels and two-for-one offers of perishable items are key factors, encouraging consumers to buy too much food to start with and to throw away items that have reached their sell-by date, but which are still edible. And efficient farming methods, transport and storage mean that most of the wastage occurs through retail and customer behavior. The British researcher called this custom"adisgrace".   Elliot Woolley has created a smartphone app that he says shows users what food they have bought and when the food is about to become unsafe to eat. It also gives information on how people can combine the foods they have to make a meal. The software program is called"Pantry App".   Mr. Woolley said that people who used the app reduced the amount of food they wasted by a third. But this result came from a limited experiment -- users only followed their food use for a week.   Jeremy Bonvoisin is a student at the Technical University of Berlin. He attended the recent conference in Vietnam. He said one way to solve the problem of wasting food is to take steps to persuade people to stop buying so much food in the first place. He said people buy more food than they need because it is becoming less costly. They waste so much food because they buy more than they need.   He said the new app could help those who already want to change the way they use the food they buy. But he is also worried that it could get people to waste more food because they no longer have to pay attention to how much they have bought.
The provinces and territories of Canada are the administrative divisions that are responsible for the delivery of sub-national governance within the geographical areas of Canada under the authority of the Canadian Constitution. In the 1867 Canadian Confederation, three provinces of British North America—New Brunswick, Nova Scotia and the Province of Canada (which, upon Confederation, was divided into Ontario and Quebec)—were united to form a federated colony, which eventually became a sovereign nation in the next century. Over its history, Canada's international borders have changed several times, and the country has grown from the original four provinces to the current ten provinces and three territories. The ten provinces are Alberta, British Columbia, Manitoba, New Brunswick, Newfoundland and Labrador, Nova Scotia, Ontario, Prince Edward Island, Quebec, and Saskatchewan. Several of the provinces were former British colonies, and Quebec was originally a French colony, while others were added as Canada grew. The three territories are Northwest Territories, Nunavut, and Yukon, which govern the rest of the area of the former British North America. Together, the provinces and territories make up the world's second-largest country by area.   The major difference between a Canadian province and a territory is that provinces receive their power and authority from the "Constitution Act, 1867" (formerly called the "British North America Act, 1867"), whereas territorial governments have powers delegated to them by the Parliament of Canada. The powers flowing from the Constitution Act are divided between the Government of Canada (the federal government) and the provincial governments to exercise exclusively. A change to the division of powers between the federal government and the provinces requires a constitutional amendment, whereas a similar change affecting the territories can be performed unilaterally by the Parliament of Canada or government.
The ouster of Tunisia's longtime ruler has cast a shadow over the surrounding region, but few analysts were willing to predict Tuesday that the revolt would spread to other countries.   Zine El Abidine Ben Ali was Tunisia's president for 23 years before Friday, when weeks of protests forced him into exile in Saudi Arabia. Tunisians complained that the president's family and supporters had grown rich while their living conditions stagnated and their voices were stifled.   But while the governments of nearby nations like Algeria, Libya and Egypt face similar criticism, the level of repression and the concentration of power and corruption were far more extreme in Tunisia, said Nathan Brown, a professor of Middle Eastern politics at George Washington University in Washington.   "I think most regimes in the region are viewed with a mix of disdain and resignation by their population," Brown said. Few may support their government, but "It's not as if there's much that can be done about it," he said.   Neighboring Algeria was also wracked by rioting last week, triggered by the spiraling costs of basic food items after its government slashed price supports for staples like milk, oil and sugar. State-run media reported at least three people had died in the clashes.   Libya's longtime strongman, Moammar Gadhafi, mourned Ben Ali's ouster and warned in a nationally televised speech that Tunisia was facing "unjustified chaos." And in Egypt, at least two people have set themselves afire in public this week -- the same type of protest that triggered Tunisia's demonstrations in December. 
"I killed that lady," the 10-year-old boy told a Pennsylvania state trooper, after a 90-year-old woman was found dead in the home of the boy's grandfather.   Tristen Kurilla, a fifth grader, made the chilling confession Saturday, police said, after his mother brought him to the Pennsylvania State Police Barracks in Honesdale, about 140 miles north of Philadelphia.   Now, Kurilla is being held at the Wayne County Correctional Facility and charged as an adult with criminal homicide, the Wayne County district attorney's office said. The boy is separated from adult offenders and is being constantly supervised, CNN affiliate WBRE reported.   The boy admitted to grabbing a wooden cane, holding it against 90-year-old Helen Novak's throat for several seconds and punching her in the throat and stomach, according to the police affidavit.   Kurilla told police he was angry at Novak because she had yelled at him when he entered her room. He said he wanted to ask her a question.   Were you trying to kill her? the trooper asked the boy.   "No, I was only trying to hurt her," Kurilla replied, according to the affidavit.   The boy was ordered to be held without bail after his arraignment and is set to appear in court October 22.   Bernie Brown, his lawyer, said he was petitioning the court to get the fifth-grade Damascus Elementary School student out of jail, WBRE reported.   "Tristen really kind of doesn't have an idea of what is going on," Brown told the station.   Brown added, "Jail is still jail, no matter what part of the facility you are in." 
By-elections also spelled bye-election (known as special elections in the United States, and bypolls in India) are used to fill elected offices that have become vacant between general elections.   In most cases these elections occur after the incumbent dies or resigns, but they also occur when the incumbent becomes ineligible to continue in office (because of a recall, ennoblement, criminal conviction, or failure to maintain a minimum attendance). Less commonly, these elections have been called when a constituency election is invalidated by voting irregularities.   In the United States, these contests have been called "special elections" because they do not always occur on Election Day like regular congressional elections. A 2016 study of special elections to the United States House of Representatives found "that while candidate characteristics affect special election outcomes, presidential approval is predictive of special election outcomes as well. Furthermore, we find that the effect of presidential approval on special election outcomes has increased in magnitude from 1995 to 2014, with the 2002 midterm representing an important juncture in the nationalization of special elections."   The procedure for filling a vacant seat in the House of Commons of England was developed during the Reformation Parliament of the 16th century by Thomas Cromwell; previously a seat had remained empty upon the death of a member. Cromwell devised a new election that would be called by the king at a time of the king's choosing. This made it a simple matter to ensure the seat rewarded an ally of the crown.
Jane Scott is fourteen and the year before last she began to study in a middle school. She likes dancing and singing and spends a lot of time on them. But she hates math and does not work hard at it. She thinks it difficult to learn. She falls behind her classmates and once failed the math exam. She decides to drop it. Her father is angry with her when he knows about it. It was Sunday. Mr Scott gave a call to his sister, who teaches math in another school. He hoped she would come and tell his daughter how to learn math. The woman came quickly and said. "You're a clever girl, Jane. I'm sure you'll soon do well in math if you work hard at it." "I'm afraid I can't, Aunt," said Jane, "Girls can't be good at math." "I don't think so," said the woman. "I was good at it when was a girl. You must do more exercises and practice a math problem again and again until you master it. Remember: Practice makes perfect. Well, it's a math problem. Think about it and practice it again, and you'll work it out." "OK," said the girl, "Let me try." About an hour later, Jane took the exercise book to her aunt and said, "I've done the problem ten times." "Well done!" her aunt said happily, "What result did you get?" "Ten answers."
Knowledge is a familiarity, awareness, or understanding of someone or something, such as facts, information, descriptions, or skills, which is acquired through experience or education by perceiving, discovering, or learning.   Knowledge can refer to a theoretical or practical understanding of a subject. It can be implicit (as with practical skill or expertise) or explicit (as with the theoretical understanding of a subject); it can be more or less formal or systematic. In philosophy, the study of knowledge is called epistemology; the philosopher Plato famously defined knowledge as "justified true belief", though this definition is now thought by some analytic philosophers to be problematic because of the Gettier problems while others defend the platonic definition. However, several definitions of knowledge and theories to explain it exist.   Knowledge acquisition involves complex cognitive processes: perception, communication, and reasoning; while knowledge is also said to be related to the capacity of "acknowledgment" in human beings.   The definition of knowledge is a matter of ongoing debate among philosophers in the field of epistemology. The classical definition, described but not ultimately endorsed by Plato, specifies that a statement must meet three in order to be considered knowledge: it must be justified, true, and believed. Some claim that these conditions are not sufficient, as Gettier case examples allegedly demonstrate. There are a number of alternatives proposed, including Robert Nozick's arguments for a requirement that knowledge 'tracks the truth' and Simon Blackburn's additional requirement that we do not want to say that those who meet any of these conditions 'through a defect, flaw, or failure' have knowledge. Richard Kirkham suggests that our definition of knowledge requires that the evidence for the belief necessitates its truth.
EBSCO Information Services, headquartered in Ipswich, Massachusetts, is a division of EBSCO Industries Inc., the third largest private company in Birmingham, Alabama, with annual sales of nearly $2 billion according to the BBJ's 2013 Book of Lists. EBSCO offers library resources to customers in academic, medical, K–12, public library, law, corporate, and government markets. Its products include EBSCONET, a complete e-resource management system, and EBSCOhost, which supplies a fee-based online research service with 375 full-text databases, a collection of 600,000-plus ebooks, subject indexes, point-of-care medical references, and an array of historical digital archives. In 2010, EBSCO introduced its EBSCO Discovery Service (EDS) to institutions, which allows searches of a portfolio of journals and magazines.   EBSCO Information Services is a division of EBSCO Industries Inc., a family owned company since 1944. "EBSCO" is an acronym for Elton B. Stephens Co. According to "Forbes Magazine", EBSCO is one of the largest privately held companies in Alabama and one of the top 200 in the United States, based on revenues and employee numbers. Sales surpassed $1 billion in 1997 and exceeded $2 billion in 2006.   EBSCO Industries is a diverse company which includes over 40 businesses. EBSCO Publishing was established in 1984 as a print publication called "Popular Magazine Review", featuring article abstracts from more than 300 magazines. In 1987 the company was purchased by EBSCO Industries and its name was changed to EBSCO Publishing. It employed around 750 people by 2007. In 2003 it acquired Whitston Publishing, another database provider. In 2010 EBSCO purchased NetLibrary and in 2011, EBSCO Publishing took over H. W. Wilson Company. It merged with EBSCO Information Services on July 1, 2013. The merged business operates as EBSCO Information Services. , the President is Tim Collins.
The word pharmacy is derived from its root word pharma which was a term used since the 15th–17th centuries. However, the original Greek roots from pharmakos imply sorcery or even poison. In addition to pharma responsibilities, the pharma offered general medical advice and a range of services that are now performed solely by other specialist practitioners, such as surgery and midwifery. The pharma (as it was referred to) often operated through a retail shop which, in addition to ingredients for medicines, sold tobacco and patent medicines. Often the place that did this was called an apothecary and several languages have this as the dominant term, though their practices are more akin to a modern pharmacy, in English the term apothecary would today be seen as outdated or only approproriate if herbal remedies were on offer to a large extent. The pharmas also used many other herbs not listed. The Greek word Pharmakeia (Greek: φαρμακεία) derives from pharmakon (φάρμακον), meaning "drug", "medicine" (or "poison").[n 1]
Gothic architecture is a style of architecture that flourished during the high and late medieval period. It evolved from Romanesque architecture and was succeeded by Renaissance architecture. Originating in 12th-century France and lasting into the 16th century, Gothic architecture was known during the period as Opus Francigenum ("French work") with the term Gothic first appearing during the later part of the Renaissance. Its characteristics include the pointed arch, the ribbed vault and the flying buttress. Gothic architecture is most familiar as the architecture of many of the great cathedrals, abbeys and churches of Europe. It is also the architecture of many castles, palaces, town halls, guild halls, universities and to a less prominent extent, private dwellings, such as dorms and rooms.   It is in the great churches and cathedrals and in a number of civic buildings that the Gothic style was expressed most powerfully, its characteristics lending themselves to appeals to the emotions, whether springing from faith or from civic pride. A great number of ecclesiastical buildings remain from this period, of which even the smallest are often structures of architectural distinction while many of the larger churches are considered priceless works of art and are listed with UNESCO as World Heritage Sites. For this reason a study of Gothic architecture is largely a study of cathedrals and churches.
The turtle and the fox were best friends. One day Turtle wanted to find Fox and ask if he would come fishing with him. Turtle went to foxes house. Fox was not home. Turtle went to look for Fox. Fox lived near several friends. Turtle went to Bear's house first. Bear lived next door to Fox. Bear answered the door, but Fox wasn't there. Turtle went to Duck's house next. Duck lived next door to Bear. Duck answered the door, but Fox wasn't there. Turtle went to Goose's house next. Goose answered the door, but Fox wasn't there. Finally, Turtle stopped at Rabbit's house. Rabbit wasn't home, and Fox wasn't there. Turtle was sad because he wanted to go fishing with his friend. He walked slowly toward the stream to go fishing by himself. When he got to the stream, he found Fox and Rabbit were there. They were fishing. They asked Turtle to join them. Turtle was very happy that he had found Fox, and he joined them for a fun afternoon of fishing in the stream.
In a big forest lived a fox named Manny. He was having a fun morning. Dad had given him a cookie as a snack and it was yummy! Now he was wandering through the woods, looking for an adventure. After a little bit he came across a frog sitting on a log. They looked at each other, but did not say anything. Manny spoke first. "Hi there, my name is Manny and I'm a fox. Who are you?" The frog on the log didn't answer at first. He finally said, "My name is Tony and I'm a frog. My brother could beat you up." Manny was very surprised to hear this. First, why would a frog's brother want to fight him? Second, how could some little frog beat him up? Manny told Tony he didn't think he would want to fight his brother because he would hurt him. Tony jumped off the log and hopped away, shouting over his shoulder, "You're a liar! My brother can beat up anyone!" As the frog went away, Manny was very confused. He didn't want to hurt anyone's feelings, but the frog was sad because of what Manny said. Manny also did not like to be called a liar, so he ran after the frog. He soon found out that Tony's brother was not from the same mother. His brother was a brown bear named Greg. After taking a good look at Greg, Manny said yes, Greg could beat up anyone he chose. After that day all three of them became close friends.
Portuguese football coach Jose Mourinho, ever the headline creator, has caused further outcry this week after he substituted Ghanaian midfielder Sulley Muntari from his Inter Milan side during their Italian Serie A clash with Bari.   Inter midfielder Sulley Muntari was substitued Jose Mourinho for his low-energy levels as a result of fasting.   Taking a tired player from the field of play was hardly breaking news, at least it wasn't until Mourinho revealed the move had been prompted because the player's perceived "low-energy levels" were as a result of fasting.   Muntari is a practicing Muslim who, like many of the same faith around the world, is currently not eating during the hours of daylight to mark the Ramadan holy period .Should fasting footballers be dropped by their managers? Sound Off below.   A discipline that clearly irked Mourinho who said in a post-match press conference: "Muntari had some problems related to Ramadan, perhaps with this heat it's not good for him to be doing this (fasting). Ramadan has not arrived at the ideal moment for a player to play a football match."   Muslim leaders in Italy have criticized the opinions of the coach known as the "Special One", but Mourinho did not rule out the possibility of dropping the player for the Milan derby between arch rivals Inter Milan and AC Milan this weekend for the same reason.   Click here to see our gallery of the top 10 Muslim football stars »   Elsewhere in Italy, fellow Muslim and Siena striker Abdelkader Ghezzal added to the debate by revealing he cannot fast and play at the same time. 
East Germany, officially the German Democratic Republic (GDR; , DDR), was a socialist state in Central Europe, during the Cold War period. From 1949 to 1990, it administered the region of Germany that was occupied by Soviet forces at the end of World War II—the Soviet Occupation Zone of the Potsdam Agreement, bounded on the east by the Oder–Neisse line. The Soviet zone surrounded West Berlin, but did not include it; as a result, West Berlin remained outside the jurisdiction of the GDR. The German Democratic Republic was established in the Soviet Zone, while the Federal Republic was established in the three western zones. East Germany, which lies culturally in Central Germany, was a satellite state of the Soviet Union. Soviet occupation authorities began transferring administrative responsibility to German communist leaders in 1948, and the GDR began to function as a state on 7 October 1949. Soviet forces, however, remained in the country throughout the Cold War. Until 1989, the GDR was governed by the Socialist Unity Party (SED), though other parties nominally participated in its alliance organisation, the National Front of Democratic Germany. The SED made the teaching of Marxism-Leninism and the Russian language compulsory in schools.   The economy was centrally planned, and increasingly state-owned. Prices of basic goods and services were set by central government planners, rather than rising and falling through supply and demand. Although the GDR had to pay substantial war reparations to the USSR, it became the most successful economy in the Eastern Bloc. Nonetheless it did not match the economic growth of West Germany. Emigration to the West was a significant problem - as many of the emigrants were well-educated young people, it further weakened the state economically. The government fortified its western borders and, in 1961, built the Berlin Wall. Many people attempting to flee were killed by border guards or booby traps, such as landmines.
The world's oldest person, Ms. Baines, died. She celebrated her 115th birthday with congratulations from Barack Obama, President of the United States. Over her life she lived through the terms of 21 US presidents. Gertrude Baines passed away peacefully in her sleep at the Western Convalescent Hospital in Los Angeles, where she had lived for her last ten years. Emma Camanag , the hospital's leader ,said she was a respectable lady. "It is really an honor for the hospital to take care of her over the last 10 years and we will greatly miss her. It is just like we have lost a relative ," said Emma. Ms. Baines, who was born in Shellman, Georgia, in 1894, had no living relatives. She grew up in the southern US during difficult times. During that time, African American people were required to use separate, often poor, public services. She married young and later divorced . Her only child, a daughter, was born in 1909 and died of a terrible disease at the age of 18. Ms. Baines worked as a maid in Ohio before moving to Los Angeles where she lived on her own until she was well over 100. She once told an interviewer , "As for the secrets of long life, I do not have any disappointments in my own life." She gained some fame when she voted for Mr. Obama in the US presidential election , saying she supported him "because he's for the colored people". It was only the second time in her life she had voted, the first time being for John F. Kennedy. Ms. Baines became the world's oldest person in January. Japanese woman, Kama Chien, 114, has now taken over the title.
Princeton University is a private Ivy League research university in Princeton, New Jersey, United States. Founded in 1746 in Elizabeth as the College of New Jersey, Princeton is the fourth-oldest institution of higher education in the United States and one of the nine colonial colleges chartered before the American Revolution. The institution moved to Newark in 1747, then to the current site nine years later, where it was renamed Princeton University in 1896.   Princeton provides undergraduate and graduate instruction in the humanities, social sciences, natural sciences and engineering. It offers professional degrees through the Woodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs, the School of Engineering and Applied Science, the School of Architecture and the Bendheim Center for Finance. The university has ties with the Institute for Advanced Study, Princeton Theological Seminary and the Westminster Choir College of Rider University. Princeton has the largest endowment per student in the United States. From 2001 to 2017, Princeton University was ranked either first or second among national universities by "U.S. News & World Report", holding the top spot for 15 of those 17 years.   The university has graduated many notable alumni. It has been associated with 41 Nobel laureates, 21 National Medal of Science winners, 14 Fields Medalists, 5 Abel Prize winners, 10 Turing Award laureates, five National Humanities Medal recipients, 209 Rhodes Scholars, 139 Gates Cambridge Scholars and 126 Marshall Scholars. Two U.S. Presidents, 12 U.S. Supreme Court Justices (three of whom currently serve on the court) and numerous living billionaires and foreign heads of state are all counted among Princeton's alumni body. Princeton has also graduated many prominent members of the U.S. Congress and the U.S. Cabinet, including eight Secretaries of State, three Secretaries of Defense and two of the past four Chairs of the Federal Reserve.
The goals just keep flowing for Lionel Messi, who on Sunday surpassed soccer legend Pele's mark of 75 in a calendar year to help Barcelona bounce back from a rare defeat.   The Argentina star netted twice in the 4-2 win at Mallorca that kept the Catalans three points clear in Spain's La Liga, leaving him just nine short of Gerd Muller's all-time record.   The 25-year-old, who became a first-time father earlier this month, was able to put a bit more enthusiasm into his new thumb-sucking celebration than when he scored late in the shock midweek Champions League loss to Scottish side Celtic.   "Leo continually breaks records. His goal tally is spectacular," said Barca manager Tito Vilanova, who has yet to experience a domestic league defeat after his first 11 matches in charge, equaling the best start to a season set by Real Madrid.   "It takes other great players seven or eight seasons to score the amount of goals he scores in one season. Also, some of his goals are absolute beauties."   Read blog: Is loyalty Barca's biggest strength?   Messi has now scored 64 goals for his club and 12 for his country this year, from just 59 matches overall.   Pele managed 75 from 53 as a 17-year-old in 1958, helping Brazil to win the World Cup for the first of a record five times.   Muller, a World Cup winner in 1974, surpassed Pele's record in a year that West Germany won the European Championship.   Messi has yet to win a senior title with Argentina, though he won Olympic gold with the under-23 side in 2008. 
Alexia Sloane is from Cambridge. She was told by the doctor she had a brain tumor when she was on holiday "with her parents in France. After that the two-year-old girl became blind. Though the little girl can't see anything, she has great talent for languages and at the age of 10 she is already fluent in English, French, Spanish and Chinese-and is learning German. Now her dream of working as an interpreter has come true. East of England MEP Robert Sturdy invited her to the European Parliament . "Usually a person who enters the European Parliament should be 14 at least. So it was amazing for Alexia to work there at the age of 10. " said Alexia's mother Isabelle. Alexia can speak three languages since birth. As her mum is hah" French and half Spanish and her dad Richard is English. " She has always been very good at languages and shown an interest from a very young age. " added Isabelle, who also has a four-year-old daughter Melissa. Alexia has dreamed of becoming an interpreter since she was six and chose to go to the European Parliament as her prize when she won the Young Achiever Community Award of the Year . She asked if she could learn from the interpreters and HEP Robert Sturdy agreed to take her along as his guest. " It was fantastic and I decided to become an interpreter, "said Alexia. "Nothing can stop me. "
Hawthorne rolled over in bed and looked around the room. He let out a breath. His eyes were half-closed as he shoved the covers back from his bed, and moved towards the door. He knew that he had to check on Kate, if he did nothing else. She was ill, with a heart problem, and he worried about her all the time.   They both lived in a home for orphans, and he had since his parents had died, when he was the age of four. He had taken care of Kate as if she were his sister ever since. He wandered to her room sitting himself by her on her bed, shoving her hair from her face.   She moved on the bed as he pulled her into his arms, "Kate." He said into her ear, "It's time to wake up." He pressed a kiss to her head, and her eyes opened.   "Hawthy?" She said, her nickname for him moving from her lips.   "Yea." He moved her hair.   "I want to go outside today," she said, and he nodded in response.   "If you are up to it, I won't stop you", he told her, and she smiled.   "Thanks Hawthy", she said.   It wasn't long until she fell back to sleep.
Reactions to Miley Cyrus at the VMAs: People are still having them!   Earlier this week, we heard what both Britney Spears and Paula Patton had to say about the performance. (Spoiler alert: They think she's just being Miley.) But while both those stars were shrugging their shoulders, another music legend was sharpening her claws.   "I'm not old-fashioned," Cher told USA Today in an interview published Tuesday. "She could have come out naked, and if she'd just rocked the house, I would have said, 'You go, girl.' It just wasn't done well. She can't dance, her body looked like hell, the song wasn't great, one cheek was hanging out. And, chick, don't stick out your tongue if it's coated."   EW: Paula Patton reacts to Miley Cyrus' VMAs performance   Ouch! It's one thing to slam Miley's choice of outfit or sexually-charged behavior; it's quite another to question the girl's talent itself. And coming from someone who knows a thing or two about rockin' it while wearing revealing outfits — not to mention clearly visible buttocks — that comment is harsher still.   EW: Britney Spears defends Miley Cyrus on 'GMA', plus 4 other things we learned   Evidently, Cyrus is taking Cher's burn in stride. She hasn't responded to Cher's words on social media, choosing instead to keep touting the phenomenal success of "Wrecking Ball," her latest single. ("#1 on Billboard. #1 on iTunes. #1 on Spotify. #1 on Streaming. #1 on Digital songs. #1 most added to pop radio. #1 on VEVO," according to Miley.) 
Mary was a little girl who loved to sew. She liked to sew dresses, shirts, and skirts but Mary hated to sew quilts. She didn't like anything about sewing quilts and blankets because it took too long. One quilt or blanket took a week to make, when a skirt or shirt took one night! Mary's mother didn't understand why Mary didn't like to sew quilts and blankets because Mary's mother loved to!   Mary was a normal little girl even if her friends didn't think so all the time. Mary's friends liked to play games and play outside but all Mary liked was to sew. She woke up and she began to sew. She only stopped to eat and use the bathroom. Mary's father was very worried about Mary. He said that little girls needed to laugh and play, not sew all the time.   One day Mary's father took Mary's sewing things and gave them to the poor children. "No more sewing, Mary!" He said. He wanted her to go laugh and play with her friends instead of sew but instead of going outside to play she ran into her room and cried. Mary was very sad that she couldn't sew any more. Soon her friends came over to see why Mary hadn't come over to play like her father said she would. When they saw her crying on her bed they had to think of a way to cheer her up. Billy said that maybe they could let her sew at their houses. Abby thought it was a great idea. So then all Mary's friends bought sewing things with their money so that Mary would be happy again. When Mary's father saw Mary go to one of her friend's house he was very happy. Soon everyone was happy again.
It's the end of class.When the bell rings, students of Luohu Foreign Languages School in Shenzhen quickly take out their telephones.They want to log on to their micro blogs to check the interesting things.They want to see what have happened in the last hour. Since several years ago, more and more people have used micro blogs in our country.Recent surveys shows that most students in middle schools have a micro blog and some even update their blogs over five times per day. "We learn many fresh and interesting things on micro blogs and they have become popular topics in class," said Kitty Jiang, 14."If you do not know about them, you are _ ." It is also a great place for students to say something about themselves."My parents always ask me to study hard, and encourage me before exams, but it really gives me pressure ," said Alan Wang, 15."I share these feelings on my micro blog.My friends always give me answers in the same situation.This makes me feel better." But parents worry that micro blogging could be a waste of time.Some unhealthy information may even bring danger to kids, they said. Mr Shen, a professor asks parents not to worry too much as long as kids are not crazy about micro blogging.Maybe it can become a window for parents to understand their children."If parents can read their children's micro blogs, they'll know what they think, they can know more about their children and help them solve their problems," he said.He also gives some advice for kids. -Don't micro blog for more than one hour a day. -Never micro blog in class. -Try to talk face to face with people from time to time. -Don't believe all the information on a micro blog.
(CNN)I was a copygirl in my fourth month at the Chicago Daily News, my second assigned to the city desk. It had become my custom at 4 o'clock, when the city desk secretary left for the day, to move over to her spot to help answer the phones as the beat reporters called in to check out for the day.   It was so quiet that afternoon -- 70 years ago, on Thursday, April 12, 1945 -- the city editor and assistant city editor had felt comfortable leaving their desks. The second city editor, Guy Housley, was to my left. To my right, perhaps 6 feet away, the telegraph editor, George Dodge.   At 4:50, the old-fashioned upright "candlestick" telephone on his desk rang -- the direct line The Associated Press used to alert editors to major news events. He answered, replaced the bell-like receiver on its hook and said to everyone in general and no one in particular, "Roosevelt is dead."   The silence of shock.   Until Dodge jumped up so quickly, his swivel chair crashed into the glass-fronted bookcase behind him -- a symphonic orchestra cymbals sound -- and ran to what was called the Tube Room, with its row of Associated Press Teletype machines.   Housley said, "Clear the decks for action."   The words had barely cleared his lips when City Editor Clem Lane half-ran back into the city room. Hal O'Flaherty, director of the Daily News Foreign Service, was only a step or two behind. The door of the managing editor's office that opened into the city room flew open, and Managing Editor Everett Norlander joined them around the copy desk, where Dodge was editing the bulletin. 
Little Tony was riding his bicycle all around the party. After all grandma gave him it right now. What fun would it be for Tony if he couldn't show off his new bike? He rode it up and down the hills and through the people at the party. It was his party. Everyone knew that it was his party. He was turning 8, 8 candles on the cake and the number 8 frosted on, the number 8 on his birthday hat. The big 8. It was much better than his last birthday. He didn't like being 7. He loved riding his bike closer and closer to people and things. Until he ran right into the big table with his birthday cake. All 8 candles flew all over the ground of the lawn. Tony was upset, and so was daddy at the big huge mess he made. He could have been more careful daddy said, and looked where he was going. He was right, Tony was being too crazy. But it was his party, so he kept riding, with more care this time. He rode his bike up and down. Faster and faster. Until Tony's birthday finally was over, long after it began.
Normandy (; , pronounced , Norman: "Normaundie", from Old French "Normanz", plural of "Normant", originally from the word for "northman" in several Scandinavian languages) is one of the 18 regions of France, roughly corresponding to the historical Duchy of Normandy.   Administratively, Normandy is divided into five "departments": Calvados, Eure, Manche, Orne, and Seine-Maritime. It covers 30,627 km² (11,926 sq mi), forming roughly 5% of the territory of France. Its population of 3.37 million accounts for around 5% of the population of France. Normans is the name given to the inhabitants of Normandy, and the region is the homeland of the Norman language.   The historical region of Normandy comprised the present-day region of Normandy, as well as small areas now part of the "départements," or departments of Mayenne and Sarthe. The Channel Islands (referred to as "Îles Anglo-Normandes" in French) are also historically part of Normandy; they cover 194 km² and comprise two bailiwicks: Guernsey and Jersey, which are British Crown dependencies over which Queen Elizabeth II reigns as Duke of Normandy.   Normandy's name is derived from the settlement of the territory by mainly Danish and Norwegian Vikings ("Northmen") from the 9th century, and confirmed by treaty in the 10th century between King Charles III of France and Earl Rollo of Møre, Norway. For a century and a half following the Norman conquest of England in 1066, Normandy and England were linked by Norman and Frankish rulers.
Unlike the Spanish milled dollar the U.S. dollar is based upon a decimal system of values. In addition to the dollar the coinage act officially established monetary units of mill or one-thousandth of a dollar (symbol ₥), cent or one-hundredth of a dollar (symbol ¢), dime or one-tenth of a dollar, and eagle or ten dollars, with prescribed weights and composition of gold, silver, or copper for each. It was proposed in the mid-1800s that one hundred dollars be known as a union, but no union coins were ever struck and only patterns for the $50 half union exist. However, only cents are in everyday use as divisions of the dollar; "dime" is used solely as the name of the coin with the value of 10¢, while "eagle" and "mill" are largely unknown to the general public, though mills are sometimes used in matters of tax levies, and gasoline prices are usually in the form of $X.XX9 per gallon, e.g., $3.599, sometimes written as $3.599⁄10. When currently issued in circulating form, denominations equal to or less than a dollar are emitted as U.S. coins while denominations equal to or greater than a dollar are emitted as Federal Reserve notes (with the exception of gold, silver and platinum coins valued up to $100 as legal tender, but worth far more as bullion). Both one-dollar coins and notes are produced today, although the note form is significantly more common. In the past, "paper money" was occasionally issued in denominations less than a dollar (fractional currency) and gold coins were issued for circulation up to the value of $20 (known as the "double eagle", discontinued in the 1930s). The term eagle was used in the Coinage Act of 1792 for the denomination of ten dollars, and subsequently was used in naming gold coins. Paper currency less than one dollar in denomination, known as "fractional currency", was also sometimes pejoratively referred to as "shinplasters". In 1854, James Guthrie, then Secretary of the Treasury, proposed creating $100, $50 and $25 gold coins, which were referred to as a "Union", "Half Union", and "Quarter Union", thus implying a denomination of 1 Union = $100.
A rabbit was hopping around, following all the smells he could smell. He had a great nose, smelling carrots, bushes, flowers, and other animals. He smelled melons and he smelled a dish of ice cream. Rabbits don't like ice cream, so he moved to the flowers faster. And he didn't really like to snack on melons either. He saw friends, the duckling and the mother duck, but he was moving too fast to get to the flowers. He could smell the flowers from a long way away. He kept hopping to reach them, faster and faster. One hop, two hops, three hops. On his third hop he always bounced a little higher. He finally smelled the flowers close, so he hopped a little bit faster. The flowers were in sight. He went up to them and smelled longer and harder than ever before. A wonderful smell at last.
Baptists are individuals who comprise a group of Christian denominations and churches that subscribe to a doctrine that baptism should be performed only for professing believers (believer's baptism, as opposed to infant baptism), and that it must be done by complete immersion (as opposed to affusion or sprinkling). Other tenets of Baptist churches include soul competency (liberty), salvation through faith alone, Scripture alone as the rule of faith and practice, and the autonomy of the local congregation. Baptists recognize two ministerial offices, elders and deacons. Baptist churches are widely considered to be Protestant churches, though some Baptists disavow this identity.   Historians trace the earliest church labeled "Baptist" back to 1609 in Amsterdam, with English Separatist John Smyth as its pastor. In accordance with his reading of the New Testament, he rejected baptism of infants and instituted baptism only of believing adults. Baptist practice spread to England, where the General Baptists considered Christ's atonement to extend to all people, while the Particular Baptists believed that it extended only to the elect. In 1638, Roger Williams established the first Baptist congregation in the North American colonies. In the mid-18th century, the First Great Awakening increased Baptist growth in both New England and the South. The Second Great Awakening in the South in the early 19th century increased church membership, as did the preachers' lessening of support for abolition and manumission of slavery, which had been part of the 18th-century teachings. Baptist missionaries have spread their church to every continent.
Eurasia is a combined continental landmass of Europe and Asia. The term is a portmanteau of its constituent continents (Europe & Asia). Located primarily in the Northern and Eastern Hemispheres, it is bordered by the Atlantic Ocean to the west, the Pacific Ocean to the east, the Arctic Ocean to the north, and by Africa, the Mediterranean Sea, and the Indian Ocean to the south. The division between Europe and Asia as two different continents is a historical social construct, with no clear physical separation between them; thus, in some parts of the world, Eurasia is recognized as the largest of five or six continents. In geology, Eurasia is often considered as a single rigid megablock. However, the rigidity of Eurasia is debated based on the paleomagnet data.   Eurasia covers around , or around 36.2% of the Earth's total land area. The landmass contains around 5.0 billion people, equating to approximately 70% of the human population. Humans first settled in Eurasia between 60,000 and 125,000 years ago. Some major islands, including Great Britain, Iceland, and Ireland, and those of Japan, the Philippines and Indonesia, are often included under the popular definition of Eurasia, in spite of being separate from the massive landmass.
A guy with brown hair was named Josh. His daughter was Maggie and her favorite activity was riding her yellow bike. Sometimes she would put a card in the spokes of the wheel. This made her bike sound much faster than it was going. Once when she was riding down a hill, she went too fast and hit a trashcan. Other than having a bad smell, she was ok but was afraid to tell her father what had happened. So she told a lie. When she looked her father in the eye, he saw that there was more to the story. When he found out Maggie was not being truthful, he had to give her a spanking. He told her that telling lies is wrong, but he loves her.
Lisa never had the chance to know her father. He and her mother divorced when she was just a young child. Even though he didn't move far, he never came to visit his children. Lisa often wondered about her father. What did he look like and what was he doing? All she knew was his name: Jeff White. After Lisa grew up, she became a nurse at a hospital, where she would help provide medicine and comfort for patients in their final days. A few weeks ago, she received a new patient whose name was Jeff White. When Jeff came into his room, Lisa asked him if he had any children. Jeff told her that he had two daughters, Lisa and Elly. Lisa couldn't hold her tears back. She told him, "I am Lisa, your daughter." Jeff embraced her, saying that he was not a good father. And the daughter held his hand and kissed him. Then Jeff began to sing This Magic Moment. Jeff could have just weeks left to live, so Lisa wanted to make the most of the time she had with him. Lisa also brought her kid to the hospital to meet their grandfather. The kid made cards for him with the words, "I love you."
Hebrew (; , "" or ) is a Northwest Semitic language native to Israel, spoken by over 9 million people worldwide. Historically, it is regarded as the language of the Israelites and their ancestors, although the language was not referred to by the name Hebrew in the Tanakh. The earliest examples of written Paleo-Hebrew date from the 10th century BCE. Hebrew belongs to the West Semitic branch of the Afroasiatic language family. Hebrew is the only living Canaanite language left, and the only truly successful example of a revived dead language.   Hebrew had ceased to be an everyday spoken language somewhere between 200 and 400 CE, declining since the aftermath of the Bar Kokhba revolt. Aramaic and to a lesser extent Greek were already in use as international languages, especially among elites and immigrants. It survived into the medieval period as the language of Jewish liturgy, rabbinic literature, intra-Jewish commerce, and poetry. Then, in the 19th century, it was revived as a spoken and literary language. It became the "lingua franca" of Palestine's Jews, and subsequently of the State of Israel. According to Ethnologue, in 1998, it was the language of 5 million people worldwide. After Israel, the United States has the second largest Hebrew-speaking population, with 220,000 fluent speakers, mostly from Israel.
One day in 1924, five men who were camping in the Cascade Mountains saw a group of huge apelike creatures coming out of the woods. They hurried back to their wooden house and locked themselves inside. While they were in, the creatures threw rocks against the house. Several hours later these strange hairy giants went back into the woods. After the men returned to the town and told the people about their adventure, _ . These were the people who remembered hearing tales about footprints of an animal that walked like a human being. The five men, however, were not the first to have seen these creatures called Bigfoot. Long before their experience, the local Native Americans were certain that a group of apelike animals had been living in the _ mountain for centuries. In 1958, some workers, who were building a road through the jungles of Northern California, often found huge footprints in the earth around their camp. Then in 1967, Roger Patterson, a man who was interested in finding Bigfoot, went into the same jungles with a friend. While riding, they were suddenly thrown off from their horses. Patterson saw a tall apelike animal standing not far away. He managed to take photos of the hairy creature before it disappeared in the jungles. When Patterson's photos were shown to the public, not many people believed his story. Richard Brown, an experienced hunter, discovered a similar creature. He saw the animal clearly through the telescopic lens of his rifle . He said the creature looked more like a human being than an animal. Later many other people also found deep footprints in the same area. In spite of regular reports of sightings and footprints, most experts still do not believe that Bigfoot really exists .
(CNN)"In order to attain the impossible, one must attempt the absurd," wrote Miguel de Cervantes, the Shakespeare of Spain. And the quest to find his remains has sometimes seemed both, even (dare one say it) quixotic in a time of recession. But forensic scientists have persevered, and appear to have triumphed.   Almost 400 years after Cervantes' death, a team led by Francisco Etxeberria announced Tuesday that they were confident they had found Cervantes' coffin in the crypt of the Convent of the Barefoot Trinitarians in the Barrio de Las Letras (Literary Quarter) in Madrid. Historical records indicated Cervantes had been buried there, but the convent had been substantially rebuilt since. (Etxeberria, incidentally, performed the autopsy on former Chilean President Gen. Salvador Allende, confirming he had committed suicide.)   At a news conference in Madrid on Tuesday, Etxeberria said that while there was no mathematical proof or DNA test available to completely verify the findings, there were "many coincidences and no discrepancies" in the examination of "Osario 32," a common grave in the crypt that contained the remains of 16 people.   "We have Cervantes, represented in some form in this group of bones that are unfortunately very degraded and very fragmented," Etxeberria told national television.   The search for Cervantes' coffin -- using radar -- began last year, funded by the Madrid City Council. It first mapped more than 30 burial cavities in the walls and nearly 5 meters beneath the floor of the church. Mass spectrometry dated fragments of wood and cloth found in these cavities to the 17th century, an encouraging but far from conclusive development. 
Paul woke up at 8. He was very happy because today he got to go to his favorite thing, the fair. Paul's mother Beth was taking him to the fair. After finishing breakfast at 9, Paul got in the car with his mom. At 10 they got to Jim's house to pick him up. Jim was Paul's best friend. Then at 11, they picked up Beth's boyfriend Hank. After driving for one more hour they all finally got to the fair at 12. They had all been looking forward to this for a very long time. Beth was a bit annoyed by having to drive so much to get here, but she loved her son very much so the trouble was okay. Everyone had a great time, most of all, Paul. Gail's favorite ride was Ferris. Hank's favorite ride was the Ghoster. It was very scary. Paul's favorite ride was the same as Hank's.
Silesia (; ; ; ; Silesian German: "Schläsing"; Silesian: "Ślůnsk" ; ; ; ) is a region of Central Europe located mostly in Poland, with small parts in the Czech Republic and Germany. Its area is about , and its population about 8,000,000. Silesia is located along the Oder River. It consists of Lower Silesia and Upper Silesia.   The region is rich in mineral and natural resources, and includes several important industrial areas. Silesia's largest city and historical capital is Wrocław. The biggest metropolitan area is the Upper Silesian metropolitan area, the centre of which is Katowice. Parts of the Czech city of Ostrava fall within the borders of Silesia.   Silesia's borders and national affiliation have changed over time, both when it was a hereditary possession of noble houses and after the rise of modern nation-states. The first known states to hold power there were probably those of Greater Moravia at the end of the 9th century and Bohemia early in the 10th century. In the 10th century, Silesia was incorporated into the early Polish state, and after its division in the 12th century became a Piast duchy. In the 14th century, it became a constituent part of the Bohemian Crown Lands under the Holy Roman Empire, which passed to the Austrian Habsburg Monarchy in 1526.
The term high definition once described a series of television systems originating from August 1936; however, these systems were only high definition when compared to earlier systems that were based on mechanical systems with as few as 30 lines of resolution. The ongoing competition between companies and nations to create true "HDTV" spanned the entire 20th century, as each new system became more HD than the last.In the beginning of the 21st century, this race has continued with 4k, 5k and current 8K systems.   The British high-definition TV service started trials in August 1936 and a regular service on 2 November 1936 using both the (mechanical) Baird 240 line sequential scan (later to be inaccurately rechristened 'progressive') and the (electronic) Marconi-EMI 405 line interlaced systems. The Baird system was discontinued in February 1937. In 1938 France followed with their own 441-line system, variants of which were also used by a number of other countries. The US NTSC 525-line system joined in 1941. In 1949 France introduced an even higher-resolution standard at 819 lines, a system that should have been high definition even by today's standards, but was monochrome only and the technical limitations of the time prevented it from achieving the definition of which it should have been capable. All of these systems used interlacing and a 4:3 aspect ratio except the 240-line system which was progressive (actually described at the time by the technically correct term "sequential") and the 405-line system which started as 5:4 and later changed to 4:3. The 405-line system adopted the (at that time) revolutionary idea of interlaced scanning to overcome the flicker problem of the 240-line with its 25 Hz frame rate. The 240-line system could have doubled its frame rate but this would have meant that the transmitted signal would have doubled in bandwidth, an unacceptable option as the video baseband bandwidth was required to be not more than 3 MHz.
At 10 years old, Flynn Mc Garry became sick of the meals his mother cooked for him. So the Los Angeles native took matters into his own hands and started making his own dinners. One of his specialties? Trout with braised leeks .   Now 13, the young chef is being praised as a "food prodigy ". He will spend his summer apprenticing with some of the best chefs at LA's famous restaurants, MSNBC Nightly New reports.   Mc Garry began making a name for himself in the culinary world when John Sedlar, owner of the trendy Playa Restaurant, let Mc Garry take over the kitchen for a special nine-course meal. The meal sold out almost instantly.   "Flynn is a very unusual young man, and he's very, very passionate," owner John Sedlar told MSNBC.   By usual teenage boy standards, it's true. So strong is his passion for cooking that the young man has turned his bedroom into an experimental kitchen laboratory.   Instead of video game consoles, baseball trophies and movie posters, Mc Garry's room is lined with mixers, pots and pans, cutting boards and a stainless steel worktable. It's where Mc Garry cooks his monthly pop-up dinners, which are served from his family's dining room, a monthly supper club he calls Eureka.   Mc Garry is deft and confident in the kitchen, with skills he's been practicing since he was a child. What started out as a means of self-preservation from his mom's unsatisfactory cooking has turned into a passion that the teen hopes to develop into a career.   "My goal? Michelin three stars, a restaurant in the top 50 list," he told MSNBC. "Hopefully the top five." Meanwhile, Mc Garry's 13-year-old resume is already richer and more impressive than most cooks many times his age.   Mc Garry isn't the only talented young prodigy to surprise experts in his field in recent years. At just 17 years old, physicist Taylor Wilson is already teaching graduate-level courses in physics and has built a functioning nuclear reactor.
Zach Linsky, 11, watches TV for 3 and a half hours a day and plays video games every other day. Zach, a sixth grader in Washington, D. C., is an American. But unlike many kids, he doesn't have a TV, VCR, or computer in his bedroom. He only has a boom box . The survey of 3,155 kids, aged 2 to 18, shows that they spend 5 hours and 29 minutes on average a day using some types of media outside of school, including 2 hours and 46 minutes watching TV, 21 minutes on the computer, 20 minutes playing video games, and 8 minutes on the Internet. The good news: The total includes 44 minutes spent reading. The survey also shows that those aged 2 to 7 spend 3 hours and 9 minutes watching TV every day and shows that 32 percent in that age group have TV sets in their rooms. Among those aged 8 to 18, 21 percent have computers in their rooms, 65 percent have TV sets, and 61 percent say their parents don't stop them from watching TV. Nearly 1 in 4 say they watch more than 5 hours a day. "Kids are living much more lonely lives than ever before," says Kay S. Hytnowitz. "They just disappear into their rooms and spend all of their time with these media."
All Blacks captain Richie McCaw is warning his side against complacency as they go into Sunday's Rugby World Cup final against France as odds-on favorites to lift the William Webb Ellis trophy.   While hosts New Zealand have enjoyed a relatively smooth and unbeaten passage to the finale of the global showpiece at Eden Park, France have been beaten twice and failed to hit their top form.   But McCaw, who was left in tears as the All Blacks stumbled to a 20-18 quarterfinal defeat to the French in the 2007 World Cup, said Saturday that negative media coverage had given Les Bleus extra motivation to spring another upset.   "I've got no doubt the French are going to play their best game and you blokes have loaded the gun for them," he told gathered reporters at the official press conference.   "They've got players who've been around for a long time and they understand what it takes to win Test matches."   And as to France's indifferent form, including a 37-17 loss to his team and a dismal defeat against Tonga in the pool stages, McCaw believes it counts for nothing.   "In a final it's not about who 'deserves' what," said McCaw.   "It's about who goes and plays the best rugby on that stage, in this game, that's what we've got to do."   The All Blacks, the traditional powerhouses of international rugby, are searching for only a second World Cup triumph, their only title coming in the inaugural tournament in 1987 when they beat France in the final in Auckland. 
Veteran American Paul Goydos has become just the fourth player in PGA Tour history to break the 60-shot barrier after carding a remarkable 12-under-par 59 in the opening round of the John Deere Classic on Thursday.   Goydos follows in the footsteps of Al Geiberger (1977), Chip Beck (1991) and David Duval (1999) after his 12-birdie blitz at the TPC Deer Run, Silvis, Illinois.   However, Goydos, who at 46 is the oldest player to achieve the feat, is the only one of the quartet to break the barrier on a par-71.   The Californian closed out the back nine in just 28 shots, with eight birdies in nine holes, while he took just 22 putts all day.   Michael Letzig and Australian Matt Jones head the chasing pack after carding seven-under-par 64s, with Letzig also keeping a bogey off his card.   Japan's Ryo Ishikawa is the only player to shoot a round of 68, which he achieved in the final round of The Crowns on his home tour on May 2.   Meanwhile, Irishman Darren Clarke leads the field after the opening round of the Scottish Open at Loch Lomond.   The former Ryder Cup player carded a six-under-par 65 to hold a narrow advantage over Graeme Storm, Damien McGrane and Edoardo Molinari in the traditional British Open warm-up.   The 40-year-old Clarke has still not secured a place in the St Andrews field next week and he told reporters: "This is the first round and there's an awful long way to go, but of course I would love to qualify." 
Somalis (Somali: Soomaali, Arabic: صومال‎) are an ethnic group inhabiting the Horn of Africa (Somali Peninsula). The overwhelming majority of Somalis speak the Somali language, which is part of the Cushitic branch of the Afro-Asiatic family. They are predominantly Sunni Muslim. Ethnic Somalis number around 16-20 million and are principally concentrated in Somalia (around 12.3 million), Ethiopia (4.6 million), Kenya (2.4 million), and Djibouti (464,600), with many also residing in parts of the Middle East, North America and Europe.   Irir Samaale, the oldest common ancestor of several Somali clans, is generally regarded as the source of the ethnonym Somali. The name "Somali" is, in turn, held to be derived from the words soo and maal, which together mean "go and milk" — a reference to the ubiquitous pastoralism of the Somali people. Another plausible etymology proposes that the term Somali is derived from the Arabic for "wealthy" (dhawamaal), again referring to Somali riches in livestock.
Walt Disney began to make cartoon movies when he was young. But he didn't have much money and he didn't always have enough to eat. One day a mouse ran near his desk when he worked in his small office. "Would you like to be my pet? "Disney asked the mouse. He caught the mouse and kept it as a pet. A few years later, Disney decided to make a cartoon about it. "I am making a cartoon about a mouse named Mortimer," he told his wife. "Mortimer Mouse? I think Mickey Mouse would be a better name." She said. "You are right!" Disney agreed and made many Mickey Mouse cartoons. People all over the world saw Mickey and loved it. Mickey Mouse made Disney famous. Then come Donald Duck, and Goofy Dog and others. Disney began to make full length cartoons. Then he made cartoon movies for television. Millions of children watched the shows every week. In California, real boats, castles , trains, mountains, rivers, all in one beautiful park. Millions of people came to Disneyland. He died in 1966, but the world will not forget him quickly. Mickey Mouse and all his cartoons will help us to remember him.
A few years ago, an Englishman called Roy Jones went on holiday to a small seaside town in the west of England. He was swimming in the sea one day when, as he opened his mouth, his false teeth fell out and floated away. The following year, Mr. Jones returned to the same town. As he was having dinner in a local cafe one evening, he mentioned the story of his lost teeth to the manager. The manager looked surprised. He explained that he had found a set of false teeth on the beach last month. Then he asked Roy Jones if he wanted to try them on. "OK", said Mr. Jones. "I suppose it won't do any harm." When the manager brought him the teeth, Mr. Jones put them into his mouth, and laughed and laughed. They were his. In 1987, an American couple called Jane and Robert Bentley went for a picnic on a beach in California. When they returned home, Mrs. Bentley realized that she had lost her wedding ring. It wasn't a lot of money but it was valuable to Jane Bentley. The Bentleys drove straight back to the beach, and searched for the ring for three hours, but could not find it. A few months later, Mr. Bentley went fishing off the same beach. As he pulled a large crab out of the sea, he noticed that there was something attached to one of its claws. It was his wife's wedding ring! At the end of the 19thcentury, a young woman called Rose Harcourt was on her honeymoon in Barmouth, North Wales, when she lost a gold bracelet her husband had given her as a wedding gift. Feeling very upset, she went straight to the police stations and asked if anyone had found her bracelet. Unfortunately, no one had. Twenty-five years later, the Harcourts returned to Barmouth _ They were sitting on the beach one day when Mrs. Harcourt noticed something gold in the sand by the edge of the sea. She walked down to see what it was, and discovered her gold bracelet that had been missing for 25 years.
"We're going to move," Jimmy said to Mr. James,her teacher, with tears in her eyes. "Dad lost his job and now we don't have enough money to live in our house." Pam was walking by and just heard Jimmy's talk with Mr.James. In the lunchroom Pam met Carol and said, "I've got something to tell you about Jimmy." As she started to tell Carol about Jimmy's dad, several other classmates stopped to listen. Pam felt bad telling what she had heard but she went on anyway. After school, Pam saw some of her classmates talking to Jimmy. "Where does your dad work?" one of the boys asked. Jimmy's face turned red. She left without answering. Pam felt terrible, because she didn't mean to hurt Jimmy. And she hadn't thought that some of the classmates would make jokes and laugh at Jimmy about her father's losing the job. Pam didn't know what she could do to help Jimmy.
Looks like Dave Chappelle is making up for lost time.   The comedian, who famously and abruptly quit his acclaimed, wildly popular "Chappelle's Show" on Comedy Central in 2005 and dropped out of public life, seems to be a bit less reclusive these days.   He recently appeared on the "Late Show With David Letterman," telling the host he never actually quit but was instead "seven years late for work." He also "crashed" morning show "Today" by banging on the glass window and holding a sign advertising his comedy shows at Radio City Music Hall.   On Wednesday night, Chappelle played Radio City for a two-hour concert that the New York Daily News said showed he had "returned with his irreverent and often raunchy sense of humor fully intact."   "I'm just here to make enlightened money so I can disappear again," the paper quoted Chappelle as saying during his stand-up.   The New York Times noted that Chappelle's act reflected his almost a decade of absence from the set.   "Once you chat with Matt Lauer while holding a handmade sign plugging your new shows, your days as a reclusive rebel are over," Jason Zinoman of The New York Times wrote. "That shift is reflected in his comedy."   Chappelle has had a few pop-up and one-off performances over the years, including one in which he stormed off a Hartford, Connecticut, stage after being heckled. Sporting a more buff look but still chain-smoking cigarettes, Chappelle reportedly joked at Radio City about everything from the Donald Sterling controversy to life as a married father. 
Authorities will continue to take a hard line on Internet-based rumors and punish those creating fake information, a senior official said on Thursday.   Authorities have removed more than 210,000 online posts and shut down 42 websites since mid-March in their latest crackdown on online rumors, said Liu Zhengrong, a senior official with the State Internet Information Office.   Fake information or rumors spread through the Internet, especially on micro blogs, have harmed social order and residents' daily lives, he said at a news briefing in Beijing.   Before the crackdown, six people who allegedly fabricated rumors about "military vehicles entering Beijing" had been detained and 16 websites closed for   fake online information, according to police authorities.   "What we've done and will do is to make sure residents can know what they want to know, say what they think and supervise our management in a reliable and useful network environment," Liu said.   Liu disagreed that the Internet can police itself against rumors, and told China Daily that some netizens can't distinguish truth from fiction, "requiring government departments and website companies to take measures".   On Monday, the Internet Society of China posted a proposal calling on Internet companies and websites to strengthen self-discipline and prevent the spread of online rumors.   In response, three main Internet companies in the country - Sina, Baidu and Tencent - said they will target fake information with advanced technology and invest in manpower to supervise online information.   Zhao Zhiguo, deputy director of the Telecommunications Administration under the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, said stricter self-management of websites will help banish online rumors.   "Internet companies should take legal responsibility when operating their websites. They should not become a hotbed for rumors and provide opportunities for fake information," Zhao said, adding they will launch similar crackdowns to close illegal website companies and punish those responsible.   Currently, people who make or spread rumors related to terrorism and securities trading, or information affecting State security and companies' commercial reputations, will face criminal punishment.   Liu Honghui, a Beijing lawyer specializing in online cases, said he welcomed the government's action to curb online rumors.   "Residents used online banks to shop or book flights, which needs a safe platform without fake information," he said.   Yu Guofu, another lawyer from Sheng Feng Law Firm, said the key to reducing rumors is netizens themselves.   "If micro-bloggers think twice before forwarding information, rumors will decrease."
About 18,000 refugees from Burma have come to the United States each year since 2007. Some have settled in Howard County, Maryland between Baltimore and Washington. A local school began teaching English to the children of the refugees. But while the children learned the language, their parents did not. That made communication with teachers _ .   At present, almost fifty children from Burma attend Bollman Bridge Elementary School. Laurel Conran is a teacher there. She said, "The main idea is the global idea." She teaches English to speakers of other languages. One of her students is Tha Neih Ciang. Another student is Tha Neih's mother, Tin Iang. Ms. Conran practices English with Tin Iang at the mother's workplace. Many refugees from Burma work at Coastal Sunbelt Produce, a supplier of fruits and vegetables to restaurants and other businesses.   Laurel Conran started classes at the company to help refugees from Burma learn English. Laurel Conran said, "The program is a six-week session. It's once a week, on every Wednesday, from twelve to one o'clock. So every Wednesday I go to Coastal Sunbelt." As the workers eat lunch, they also practice their new language skills.   Lisa Chertok has a child at Bollman Bridge. She is also a manager at Coastal Sunbelt. She helped Ms. Conran develop the lessons, which she says have really helped. Lisa Chertok said, "Well, when the Burmese employees got here, they were very, very shy. Now I find that they are more outspoken than before. They're more communicative. As parents, they are also more involved in their children's school."   Jonathan Davis is the headmaster of Bollman Bridge Elementary School. Mr. Davis hopes the lessons will help these parents feel better about communicating with the school. He said, "Even as simple as making a phone call to say that their son or daughter is sick, even if that's the amount of English that they have got from the program, that truly will help us."
Mr. Smith works in a factory. There he drives a truck. He's tired all the time. When he comes back, he's always busy and doesn't want to do any housework. His wife is a doctor and likes to keep all the things clean. So she has to do all at home. She usually goes to work from Monday to Friday and has to do all on weekends. All her friends know about it and sometimes they come to help her. It's Saturday today. Mrs Smith tells her husband to help her do some housework, but he says he has something to do and goes out early in the morning. He leaves a lot of dirty clothes at home. Mrs Smith doesn't go to work but she doesn't feel well. So she doesn't want to do any housework. After breakfast, Jo, one of her friends, comes to see her when she's sitting on a chair. The girl finds the rooms are dirty and she asks, "Don't you clean your rooms today, Mrs Smith?" "No, I don't."says the doctor. "Why don't you wear your glasses?" "Then I will think the rooms are still clean."
I Don't Have to Be Like Them All students have to face their own problems when they are growing up. You may not think that having a good family is a problem. But for me , it was. I had to face the problem of being the youngest of the Smith girls. We live in a small town in Pennsylvania, US. There are three girls in the Smith family, Amanda, Theresa and me . People often say things to me , like " Oh, the three of you , you're such nice girls. Your sisters are so pretty and so thin! You're really nothing like them . " That made me sad. At school , all of my teachers had taught my sisters . On the first day of school , they said , "Oh , the youngest of the three! I hope you're just like your sisters. They're such wonderful students." People always compared me with my sisters . So I couldn't help comparing myself with them , too. Theresa was smarter , Amanda was prettier . I began to work hard to be more like them . What my sisters did , I did , too. At last , I became drum major of our school 's marching band . Both Amanda and Theresa had been drum majors . I became editor of the school's newspaper . Theresa had been the editor two years before. But last year, Amanda went to college , and Theresa went to high school . Now I'm by myself at junior high . Everyone knows me , because I'm the drum major and the newspaper's editor . Now I don't feel like a Smith girl any more , I feel like myself . I'm proud of doing all of the same great things that my sisters did . But the best thing I did was to learn to stop comparing myself with them .
As prodigal golfer Tiger Woods resumes the world's No. 1 ranking, his chief sponsor, Nike, unveiled a slogan Tuesday that provokes robust debate on what is redemption and has Woods attained it.   "Winning takes care of everything" is what Nike declared on its social media outlets after Woods completed his long climb back to the top ranking, more than three years after his extramarital affairs ruined his marriage and embarrassed him. Woods and ex-wife, Elin Nordegren, have two children.   Many fans and consumers are now raging against the new campaign by Nike, which stood by Woods in his fall from grace as most other sponsors dumped him.   "Will not buy anything Nike again," wrote Melissa Santa-Cruz of Wisconsin on Nike's Facebook page.   "THIS AD MAKES ME SICK!" wrote Julie Drake, a high school teacher who said she will use the ad for a classroom discussion. "Shame on you!"   Others, however, endorsed the slogan.   "Love your Ad Nike," wrote Brian Edwards. "Keep up the good work."   Opinion: For Tiger, winning does take care of everything   The passionate opinions roil during a week when redemption is on the minds of Jews celebrating Passover and Christians preparing for Easter.   The controversy grows from whether winning indeed absolves transgressions -- and even prompts a return to grace. The narrative plays out in different ways for different public figures.   "I think that winning, especially in Tiger Woods' case, really does change things because it reminds people why they fell in love with him years ago. It was for his game and his ability to consistently make those tough shots over and over again. That's why we're in awe of Tiger," said CEO Melinda Travis of PRO Sports Communications, a strategic communications and crisis management firm in Los Angeles. 
JavaScript (), often abbreviated as JS, is a high-level, dynamic, weakly typed, object-based, multi-paradigm, and interpreted programming language. Alongside HTML and CSS, JavaScript is one of the three core technologies of World Wide Web content production. It is used to make webpages interactive and provide online programs, including video games. The majority of websites employ it, and all modern web browsers support it without the need for plug-ins by means of a built-in JavaScript engine. Each of the many JavaScript engines represent a different implementation of JavaScript, all based on the ECMAScript specification, with some engines not supporting the spectrum fully, and with many engines supporting additional features beyond ECMA.   As a multi-paradigm language, JavaScript supports event-driven, functional, and imperative (including object-oriented and prototype-based) programming styles. It has an API for working with text, arrays, dates, regular expressions, and basic manipulation of the DOM, but does not include any I/O, such as networking, storage, or graphics facilities, relying for these upon the host environment in which it is embedded.   Initially only implemented client-side in web browsers, JavaScript engines are now embedded in many other types of host software, including server-side in web servers and databases, and in non-web programs such as word processors and PDF software, and in runtime environments that make JavaScript available for writing mobile and desktop applications, including desktop widgets.
Oil is plentiful in West Texas. When people think of West Texas they think of these machines called "pump-jacks." A pump-jack is a machine that pulls Oil out of the Earth. Robert's job is to fix pump-jacks. So he travels to West Texas to see if he can help. Steve owns many pump-jacks and is having a very tough time keeping them working. During the summer in West Texas the temperature can be over 100, which causes these machines to break often. Robert runs into Steve at a restaurant on a very hot day. After they talked about the weather for a few seconds, Steve says "my machines keep breaking because of this heat!" Robert says "Steve, I think you and I are both in luck because I fix pump-jacks." Immediately, they both travel out to Steve's land and Robert gets to work!
In most of the country, employers can force pregnant workers out of the workplace when their pregnancy interferes with their normal job duties.   Heather Wiseman, a retail sales associate, lost her job because consuming water while working, an activity necessary to maintain a healthy pregnancy, violated store policy.   Victoria Serednyj, a nursing home activity director, lost her job because her pregnancy interfered with her ability to lift heavy tables. Her employer terminated her employment even though lifting tables "took up a small part, roughly five to 10 minutes" of her day and her co-workers volunteered to perform this task.   Workers covered by the Americans with Disabilities Act, by contrast, can continue working despite their physical limitations.   The Americans with Disabilities Amendments Act of 2008 broadened the ADA to include many short-term and relatively minor physical conditions. Pregnant women who experience comparable physical limitations should also have the opportunity to receive accommodations that will enable them to continue working.   According to EEOC regulations issued in 2011, the amended ADA requires employers to accommodate persons who experience "shortness of breath and fatigue when walking distances that most people could walk without experiencing such effects."   It also requires employers to accommodate persons with back injuries resulting in a "20-pound lifting restriction that lasts or is expected to last for several months." In some circumstances, even a far more common 50-pound lifting restriction may qualify an individual for ADA coverage.   To date, courts have balked at including pregnancy within the Americans with Disabilities Act. They've reasoned the physical limitations accompanying pregnancy are too short-term and minor to qualify as disabilities. 
Dear Peter, My name is Frank. I am from America. Here is a picture of my friends. We are in the same grade. Look at the picture, in the middle, you can see my friend Jimmy. He likes all the sports. He likes to eat apples and French fries. You can see Helen in the picture, too. Helen likes math. Her favorite food is meat. But Sandra doesn't like math. Look, Sandra is here in the picture. She can speak French. She likes ping-pong. Behind her, there is a girl. She is Sally. She is a black girl. She likes to swim. And she likes to eat ice cream. Maria and Rick are behind Jimmy. Maria likes computer very much. She plays computer games very well. Rick is fun. He can play soccer ball. He likes strawberries best. I like math, too. I like to eat bananas. All of us think Beijing Opera is fun. So we go to see it. But we can't _ the words. So we don't want to see it again. But my father likes it very much. He often watches it. He can understand it. One interesting thing:two of my English friends can understand it, too. They are Maya and Kelsey. They are not in the picture. They often go to see Beijing Opera like my father. Can you send me a picture of your friends. Yours, Frank
A UN report said that around 60 million people across the world are drinking polluted water. Some 4,500 children die every day because of polluted water. A report showed that environmental problems kill 3 million children under five years old each year, making them one of the key contributors in more than 10 million child deaths each year. Dangerous factors include indoor and outdoor air pollution, water pollution. Another study showed that parents and scientists from seven countries including the United States and India think pollution is the biggest threat to children's living environment. Mrs Green tries to teach her daughter Susan by setting a personal example. She picks out recyclable waste and uses the water from the washing machine to wash the toilet. Chinese children mostly learn about environmental protection in school. Some non-governmental organizations and child centres also teach kids to protect the environment. "More parents have known about it. Family is now playing a more important role," says a Chinese official. Vera Lehmann, a German scientist says many Chinese now think more of pollution. "I was surprised to find many schools in China are willing to educate the children on environment," Lehmann said. "There has been a big change between now and ten years ago when I first travelled here."
Two former presidents reflected on their greatest regrets in office Monday, each looking back to issues that continue to plague the nation years later.   Former presidents and political rivals Bill Clinton and George H.W. Bush now share philanthropic efforts.   Former Presidents George H.W. Bush and Bill Clinton appeared together at a question-and-answer forum before the National Automobile Dealers Association in New Orleans, Louisiana.   Asked his biggest regret after leaving office, Bush said he now wonders whether he should have tried to get Saddam Hussein to leave office at the end of the first Gulf War in 1991.   He told the gathering, "I've thought a lot about it, but at the end of Desert Storm, the question was should we have kind of kept going on that road to death and all this slaughter until Saddam Hussein showed up and laid his sword on the table, surrendered. And the common wisdom was he wouldn't do that."   But he said a conversation with an FBI agent who interrogated Saddam after he was captured has made him reconsider.   Bush recalled their talk, "I said, 'What if we just say he has to come to surrender, would he have done it?' And this guy said, 'I'm absolutely convinced he would have.' My experts tell me he wouldn't have."   Bush said, "We ended it the way we said we would" as a military success, but noted a cleaner ending "would have been perfect."   He added, "If we had tried to get Saddam Hussein to come and literally surrender and put his sword on the table, I think it might have been avoided some of the problems that we did have in the future from him." 
A tribe is viewed, developmentally or historically, as a social group existing before the development of nation states, or outside them. A tribe is a group of distinct people, dependent on their land for their livelihood, who are largely self-sufficient, and not integrated into the national society. It is perhaps the term most readily understood and used by the general public to describe such communities. Stephen Corry defines tribal people as those who "...have followed ways of life for many generations that are largely self-sufficient, and are clearly different from the mainstream and dominant society". This definition, however, would not apply to countries in the Middle East such as Iraq and Yemen, South Asia such as Afghanistan and many African countries such as South Sudan, where the entire population is a member of one tribe or another, and tribalism itself is dominant and mainstream.   There are an estimated one hundred and fifty million tribal individuals worldwide, constituting around forty percent of indigenous individuals. Although nearly all tribal people are indigenous, some are not indigenous to the areas where they now live.   The distinction between tribal and indigenous is important because tribal peoples have a special status acknowledged in international law. They often face particular issues in addition to those faced by the wider category of indigenous peoples.
If they were handing out awards for courage in the face of personal trauma, 70-year-old Bob Yelton would scoop the lot at this week's World Amateur Handicap Championships.   Yelton is one of just 13 golfers who have played in all 28 previous editions of the biggest tournament of its type in the world, which brings nearly 3,100 players from 25 countries and 49 states of the U.S. to the Myrtle Beach area of South Carolina.   His streak was nearly broken last year, and in the circumstances nobody would have held it against him if he had taken time out.   Just before the tournament, Martha, his wife of 22 years, was taken ill and passed away just a week later.   There had been no hint of a problem -- Martha taught at a community school in Shelby in North Carolina and played a bit of golf herself.   "She mostly just walked the course with me," recalled Bob.   Her death hit him hard and he was left with the prospect of raising his then 15-year-old son Porter alone. In the circumstances, his annual pilgrimage to Myrtle was low priority. "I had no interest in playing golf."   But with encouragement from his brother Don, who has also played in every World Am, and crucially an intervention from his son, Bob did indeed pitch up.   "Dad, Mum would have wanted you to play," said Porter and he did, thinking about Martha just about every step of the way.   In retrospect, the stress of dealing with his wife's premature death and continuing to practice as a business lawyer may well have taken a bigger toll on Bob than he was to realize. 
Animals love to walk near the train tracks. One night a beautiful black cat was walking along the train tracks looking for a nice mouse to eat. He came across some friends, Bob the cat and Steve the dog. They chose to go looking for food together. They walked up and down the tracks looking for a wonderful meal to snack on, when they happened across a big huge melon. Bob asked the black cat if he like melons, the cat did not like melons. Bob asked the dog if he liked melons, Steve did not like melons either. Bob then ate the melon himself as they looked around for that tasty treat. They heard bells from the train coming by and then they finally saw the food they were looking for jump from the bushes over the tracks and run straight into the barn nearby. The black cat wanted to eat the mouse, so he chased him into the barn. Minutes later the black cat returned with his meal in his mouth to share with his friends.
Psychiatrists who work with older parents say that maturity can be an advantage in child raising--older parents are more thoughtful, use less physical discipline and spend more time with their children. But raising kids takes money and energy. Many older parents find themselves balancing their limited financial resources, decreasing energy and failing health against the growing demands of an active child. Dying and leaving young children is probably the older parents' biggest, and often unspoken fear. "Having late-life children often means parents, particularly fathers, end up retiring much later. For many, retirement becomes an unobtainable dream." says Brandy Gabrielle, an economics professor.   Henry Metcalf, a 54-year-old journalist, knows it takes money to raise kids. But he's also worried that his energy will give out first. Sure, he can still ride bikes with his athletic fifth grader, but he's learned that young at heart doesn't mean young. Lately he's been taking afternoon naps to keep up his energy. "My body is aging," says Metcalf. "You can't get away from that."   Often, older parents hear the ticking of another kind of biological clock. Therapists who work with middle-aged and older parents say fears about aging are nothing to laugh at. "They worry they'll be mistaken for grandparents, or that they'll need help getting up out of those little chairs in nursery school," says Joann Gals, a New York psychologist. But at the core of those little fears there is often a much bigger one: "that they won't be alive long enough to support and protect their children," she says.   Many late-life parents, though, say their children came at just the right time. After marrying late and undergoing years of pregnancy treatment, Marilyn Nolen and her husband, Randy, had twins. "We both wanted children," says Marilyn, who was 55 when she gave birth. The twins have given the couple what they desired for years -- a sense of family. Kids of older dads are often smarter, happier and more sociable because their fathers are more involved in their lives. "The dads are older, more mature," says Dr. Silber, "and more ready to focus on parenting."
The Atlanta Hawks organization's issues with race go beyond one inflammatory email or offensive comments on one conference call, the team's CEO said, before promising fans that those systemic problems will be corrected.   "As an organization, we must own these shortcomings and failures," Steve Koonin wrote in an open letter Saturday to his team, fans and the city of Atlanta. "... We should build bridges through basketball, not divide our community or serve as a source of pain."   Koonin's comments come a day after general manager Danny Ferry began an indefinite leave of absence tied to controversial comments he made in June about Luol Deng, then a prospective free agent player. And they occurred six days after the franchise's owner, Bruce Levenson, announced he would sell his controlling interest team in light of a 2012 email that many derided as racist.   In the same announcement last Sunday setting the stage for Levenson's exit, the NBA said that Koonin will oversee team operations during the ownership transition.   The Hawks CEO did not mention Levenson or Ferry specifically in his letter Saturday, nor did he delve into detail into their or possible other cases. But he did say that "we enough today, based on investigations conducted by the league, by external legal counsel on behalf of the team and information that has appeared in the media, that our shortcomings are beyond a single email, a single person or a single event.   "To the contrary, over a period of years, we have found that there have been inflammatory words, phrases, inferences and innuendos about race," Koonin said. 
The rare moments Christos Sourovelis can take a break from running his own painting business, he can be found toiling away on his family's dream house in the suburbs of Philadelphia.   "I'm a working guy. I work every day, six days a week, even seven if I have to," Sourovelis says. One day this past March, without warning, the government took his house away, even though he and his wife, Markella, have never been charged with a crime or accused of any wrongdoing.   "I was so upset thinking somebody's going to take my house for nothing. That makes me crazy," Sourovelis says, shaking his head.   The nightmare began when police showed up at the house and arrested their 22-year-old son, Yianni, on drug charges -- $40 worth of heroin. Authorities say he was selling drugs out of the home. The Sourvelises say they had no knowledge of any involvement their son might have had with drugs.   A month-and-a-half later police came back -- this time to seize their house, forcing the Sourvelises and their children out on the street that day. Authorities came with the electric company in tow to turn off the power and even began locking the doors with screws, the Sourvelises say. Authorities won't comment on the exact circumstances because of pending litigation regarding the case.   Police and prosecutors came armed with a lawsuit against the house itself. It was being forfeited and transferred to the custody of the Philadelphia District Attorney. Authorities said the house was tied to illegal drugs and therefore subject to civil forfeiture. 
A new Long March Twenty-one people from Hong Kong and the Chinese mainland began a new Long March on October 15. They will walk about 8,000 kilometers from Ruijin, Jiangxi to Wuqi, Shanxi. They hope to get 20.2 million Yuan to build 101 schools and help poor children go back to school. They hope to finish the march by August 16, 2012. The football team The Chinese under-17 football team is No. 1 in Asia. They won the Asian U-17 Championship(U-17)in Japan on Saturday. They beat the Democratic People's Republic of Korea by 1:0. After 85 minutes, Wang Weilong got the only goal. They took the cup for the first time in 12 years. Liu leaves China Chinese actor Liu Ye left for the US on Monday to make a film called Meteor(<<>> ). He is going to act with the Hollywood film star Meryl Streep. His former classmate Zhang Ziyi sent Liu a message to encourage him. Liu was worried about his English, and worked hard on it before he left. People know him from films like last year's "Mei Ren Cao".
Zoe Chambers was a successful PR(Public Relations) consultant and life was going well -- she had a great job, beautiful flat and a busy social life in London. Then one evening in June last year, she received a text message telling her she was out of work. "The first two weeks were the most difficult to live through." she said. "After everything I'd done for the company, they dismissed me by text! I was so angry and I just didn't feel like looking for another job. I hate everything about the city and my life."   Then, Zoe received an invitation from an old school friend, Kathy, to come and stay. Kathy and her husband, Huw, had just bought a farm in north-west Wales. Zoe jumped at the chance to spend a weekend away from London, and now, ten months later she is still on the farm.   "The moment I arrived at Kathy's farm, I loved it and I knew I wanted to stay." said Zoe. "Everything about my past life suddenly seemed meaningless."   Zoe has been working on the farm since October of last year and says she has no regrets. "It's a hard life, physically very tiring." she says. "In London 1 was stressed and often mentally exhausted. But this is a good, healthy tiredness. Here, all I need to put me in a good mood is a hot bath and one of Kathy's wonderful dinners."   Zoe says she has never felt bored on the farm. Every day brings a new experience. Kathy has been teaching her how to ride a horse and she has learnt to drive a tractor. Since Christmas, she has been helping with the lambing -- watching a lamb being born is unbelievable, she says, "It's one of the most moving experiences I've ever had. I could never go back to city life now."
Dennis Sinar, 51, a doctor from New York, is quick to explain why he took a year-long break from his job. "I was pretty burned out after practicing medicine for 26 years. I needed a recharge." So he took a "gap year", from July 2011 to June 2012, to explore things like ancient buildings, and traditional Eastern medicine, in locations including Alaska, Nepal and Romania.   "Taking a break from work is an excellent way for adults to go into a new career or refresh an old one," said Holly Bull, president of Princeton, N, J. "In recent years, mid-career breaks have been gaining more interest," she said. A report on adult gap years published this year by a market research company also described the potential American market for gap years as a "sleeping giant."   "A gap year is a challenge for the older individual to step out of a comfort zone and take a risk. I enjoyed that side most." said Dr. Sinar, who kept a daily blog about his experience. His time studying Eastern medicine "assured the reasons I went into health care," said Dr. Sinar, who returned to practice medicine at his old job, although he works fewer days. "I use those experiences to provide my patients with more care," he added. "And I listen better than I did before."   George Garritan, chairman of the Department of Leadership and Human Capital Management at New York University, certainly agrees with Dr. Sinar. He said a gap-year experience could be worthwhile for employees and companies. For employees, investing in themselves and improving skill sets is a move that will benefit throughout their career. He added that returning employees feel refreshed and have given more thought to their career. For companies, offering unpaid leaves makes good sense for attracting and keeping talented employees.
Eminem got sober, Arcade Fire got spooked, Katy Perry flashed her hits and Kanye sang one for jerk-offs everywhere.   (RollingStone.com) -- 5. Arcade Fire, "We Used to Wait"   "Now our lives are changing fast," sings Win Butler, spooked and sleepless. But his empathetic croon -- and his band's orchestral- rock wallop -- make high anxiety sound almost sublime.   4. Katy Perry, "Teenage Dream"   Co-written by Max Martin and Dr. Luke, this buoyant electro-pop singalong is 2010's catchiest tune. As for that "teenage dream," Perry doesn't mince words: "Let's go all the way tonight."   3. Sade, "Soldier of Love"   Nobody knows where Sade disappears to for years at a time between hits, but "Soldier of Love" proves she knows how to make a hell of a re-entrance. She sings about emotional devastation over a beat that mixes quiet-storm synths with acid-damaged riffs straight out of TV on the Radio's playbook. It's as close as she's ever come to blowing her cool.   Rolling Stone's top five albums of 2010   2. Cee Lo Green, "F*** You"   The title alone would have guaranteed hundreds of thousands of Web clicks. But Cee Lo didn't just say "F*** you" -- he said it with humor and serious panache. Despite the bummed-out lyrics, the Motown-style beat is DayGlo-bright, and Cee Lo's lovelorn lament doubles as an anthem for lean times: "If I was richer/I'd still be with ya/Ha, now ain't that some shit?"   1. Kanye West feat. Pusha T, "Runaway"   It takes a special kind of dark, twisted genius to raise the white flag of surrender while raising a middle finger. Kanye West is that genius. "Runaway" is Kanye's musical response to the Taylor Swift affair, but it's much more than that: a nine-minute meditation on romantic failure and public infamy. 
The Falkland Islands are an archipelago in the South Atlantic Ocean on the Patagonian Shelf. The principal islands are about east of South America's southern Patagonian coast, at a latitude of about 52°S. The archipelago, with an area of , comprises East Falkland, West Falkland and 776 smaller islands. As a British overseas territory, the Falklands have internal self-governance, and the United Kingdom takes responsibility for their defence and foreign affairs. The islands' capital is Stanley on East Falkland.   Controversy exists over the Falklands' discovery and subsequent colonisation by Europeans. At various times, the islands have had French, British, Spanish, and Argentine settlements. Britain reasserted its rule in 1833, although Argentina maintains its claim to the islands. In April 1982, Argentine forces temporarily occupied the islands. British administration was restored two months later at the end of the Falklands War. Most Falklanders favour the archipelago remaining a UK overseas territory, but its sovereignty status is part of an ongoing dispute between Argentina and the United Kingdom.   The population (2,932 inhabitants in 2012) primarily consists of native-born Falkland Islanders, the majority of British descent. Other ethnicities include French, Gibraltarian and Scandinavian. Immigration from the United Kingdom, the South Atlantic island of Saint Helena, and Chile has reversed a population decline. The predominant (and official) language is English. Under the British Nationality (Falkland Islands) Act 1983, Falkland Islanders are British citizens.
Peter waved goodbye and closed the door slowly as Jane left home to visit her grandmother. Expecting a whole day to relax, he was thinking whether to read the newspaper or watch his favorite TV talk show on his first day off in months. "This will be like a walk in the park," he'd told his wife, "I'll look after the kids, and you can go to visit your grandma." Things started well, but just after eight o'clock, his three little "good kids"--Adam, Bob, and Christopher--came down the stairs in their night clothes and shouted "breakfast, daddy." When food had not appeared within thirty seconds, Adam began using his spoon on Christopher's head as if it were a drum. Christopher started to shout loudly in time to the beat . Bob chanted "Where's my toast, where's my toast" in the background. Peter realized his newspaper would have to wait for a few seconds. Life became worse after breakfast. Adam wore Bob's underwear on his head. Bob locked himself in the bathroom, while Christopher shouted again because he was going to wet his pants. Nobody could find clean socks, although they were before their very eyes. Someone named "Not Me" had spilled a whole glass of orange juice into the basket of clean clothes. Peter knew the talk show had already started. By ten o'clock, things were out of control. Christopher was wondering why the fish in the jar refused his bread and butter. Adam was trying to show off his talent by decorating the kitchen wall with his color pencils. Bob, thankfully, appeared to be reading quietly in the family room, but closer examination showed that he was eating apple jam straight from the bottle with his hands. Peter realized that the talk show was over and reading would be impossible. At exactly 11:17, Peter called the daycare centre ."I suddenly have to go into work and my wife's away. Can I bring the boys over in a few minutes?" The answer was obviously "yes" because Peter was smiling.
Felipe Massa has been forced to backtrack on comments he made claiming that new Ferrari teammate Fernando Alonso was aware of Renault's plans to deliberately crash at the 2008 Singapore Grand Prix.   Felipe Massa is still showing the scars of his horror crash at the Hungarian GP in July.   Alonso won that race after the safety car was brought out when Renault's No. 2 driver Nelson Piquet Jr spun out on lap 14, and Massa subsequently claimed it cost him that year's world title as he finished one point behind champion Lewis Hamilton.   Motorsport's ruling body the FIA cleared Alonso of any wrongdoing as it banned Renault boss Flavio Briatore, who quit his role before the ruling, while Piquet was immune from prosecution in return for giving evidence.   Massa told reporters in his native Brazil on Wednesday that he believed two-time world champion Alonso -- who is replacing Kimi Raikkonen at Ferrari next year -- must have known about Renault's race plan.   "It was the team and Nelson -- but Alonso was part of the problem. He knew. We cannot know it, but of course he knew. It's an absolute certainty," he said ahead of this weekend's Brazilian Grand Prix.   However, the 28-year-old later released a statement on the official Ferrari Web site in a bid to avoid conflict with his future teammate.   "What I've said is the outcome of a hunch I've had and is not based on any concrete evidence," Felipe said.   "The FIA World Council announced that there was no indication that Fernando may have been informed of what had happened and I respect this outcome. 
A North Carolina resident was found guilty Thursday on terrorism charges including conspiracy to murder, kidnap, maim and injure people overseas.   Anes Subasic, a 35-year old naturalized U.S. citizen who was born in Bosnia, also was convicted of conspiring to provide material support to terrorists. He will face up to life in prison at sentencing in August.   Subasic is the seventh member of a North Carolina group of men convicted of terror activities. They were led by Daniel Boyd, who pleaded guilty in February 2011 to conspiring to kill people abroad and to provide material support to terrorists. Boyd's sentencing was delayed so that he could testify against three other co-conspirators who were found guilty last fall.   Two of Boyd's sons also pleaded guilty and are in prison.   According to the government, from November 2006 until at least July 2009, Subasic and the others worked to provide money, weapons training, transportation and personnel to "advance violent jihad."   "Subasic was part of a group of terrorists; some viewed their own country as the enemy," said M. Chris Briese, who heads the FBI's Charlotte field office.   "Subasic was part of a conspiracy to commit violent acts against U.S. service members and others abroad," said John Khin, an official with the Defense Criminal Investigative Service.   In a separate trial last fall, Subasic was convicted on two counts of illegally obtaining citizenship.   An eighth man, Jude Kenan Mohammad, also was charged in the terror conspiracy. He has never been arrested and officials believe he is in Pakistan or may have died. 
Shelly wanted a puppy. She asked her mommy and daddy every day for one. She told them that she would help take care of the puppy, if she could have one. Her mommy and daddy talked it over and said that they would get Shelly a new puppy.   Her mommy took her to the dog pound so that she could choose one that she wanted. All the puppies at the dog pound need a loving home.   Shelly went to every cage and looked each puppy in the eyes and talked to each one. After each one, she told her mommy, "No, this isn't the one for me."   Finally, she saw a black and white spotted one that she fell in love with. She screamed, "Mommy, this is the one!" Her mommy asked the worker to take the puppy out so that Shelly could make sure. Shelly and the puppy fell in love with each other right away.   Shelly and her mommy took the black and white spotted puppy home with them. Shelly was so excited that she talked all the way home. After thinking hard, Shelly had a name for her new puppy, Spot.   Now, Shelly has a new best friend and they play together every day when Shelly gets home from school.
Hilary Duff says her new album is "very positive" but admits that it started out "a lot heavier and a lot darker" because of the separation from her husband, Mike Comrie.   "I'm separated from my husband right now, which has been a very difficult thing to go through," she told Billboard's "Pop Shop" podcast. "In the beginning, the album was a lot heavier and a lot darker, because I had to get that out. Once I did get that out, a lot of fun came."   Duff married Comrie, a former pro hockey player, in 2010 after dating for three years. Their son, Luca, was born in 2012. Duff and Comrie announced their separation in January.   Duff, 26, admits that she's "nervous" after being away from music for seven years. Her just-released single, "Chasing the Sun," is from her still-untitled album, which will be her first studio release since 2007's "Dignity."   She says she first started thinking of new material when she was pregnant with her son. After having the child and taking another year, she was even more anxious.   "I felt like I was missing a big part of myself," she said.   Duff established a successful singing career on the heels of her popular Disney show, "Lizzie McGuire," which aired from 2001 to 2004. She spent most of her teenage years touring and says that turning 20 was a big factor in leaving the road.   "It was time for me to be a person, and the break just ended up being a long time," she said. 
"I wish our bank would be robbed," said George Pickens, the bank clerk, to himself. "If one day a robber holds up me. And if I have to give him a certain amount of money. What is to prevent me keeping all the money left and claiming that the robber had taken it?" Just then a tall and strong man walked in, wearing a mask. "This is a holdup!" the man said. Roughly, taking a gun from his pocket and stepping over to George's cage. "All right, hand it over!"   "Yes, sir," said George. "Would you like it in ten-or twenty-dollar bills?"   "Just hand it over!" said the robber. George took all the bills from the top section close to six thousand dollars. He passed them through the window. The robber snatched them, stuffed them into his pocket, and turned to leave. Then, while everyone was watching the robber, George calmly lifted off the top section of the cashbox and slipped bills from the bottom section into his pockets. The door swung and the robber was gone. George fell down and fainted. When he came to he smiled up at the worried faces looking down at him. "I'm all right," he stated bravely.   "You might just as well go home, George." Mr. Bell, the chief accountant, said.   As soon as he was safely behind his bedroom door, George took the money from his pockets and counted it. Seven thousand dollars!   The next morning when George arrived at the bank, it was not open for business, but everyone was there, helping to check the bank's accounts. George was called into Mr. Burrows' office. The bank president seemed strangely cheerful. "George," he said, "I want you to meet Mr. Charles, who used to be president of our bank."   "Good morning, George," said the former president. "I was extremely sorry to hear you fainted yesterday. Are you all right now?"   "Yes, sir, just fine, thanks."   "I was sorry to give you a hard time yesterday, but with all the banks being robbed these days, I played my little game yesterday, just to keep everybody on his toes."   "I don't understand," said George. "What game?"   The old man laughed and quickly took out a mask. He placed it over his face and said, "All right. Hand it over!" Mr. Burrows laughed but George didn't.   "And the money?" George asked in a faint voice.   "Don't worry," Mr. Charles said. "I put it all back in your cashbox--- all six thousand. We're just finishing up the check-up now." Behind them, the door opened and Mr. Bell put his head into the room. "Mr. Burrows," he said gravely, "may I see you a moment?"
One evening Charlie was on his way home from the railway station. When he turned round a corner, he heard footsteps behind him and he thought someone was coming near. He began to walk fast. The footsteps came fast, too. He slowed down. The footsteps also slowed down. Now he was sure that someone must be going after him. He tried to hide. Still the steps followed him. He didn't know how to save himself, so he jumped over some tall grass and hid himself in a cemetery . He threw himself down on one of tombs . The man behind came near. Charlie could hear the man jump over the grass. Thoughts of thieves and robbers filled his mind. Charlie stood up and faced the man. "What do you want? Why are you coming after me?" He asked. "I say," the stranger asked, "do you always go home like this, or are you taking some special exercise tonight? I want to go to Mr. Green's and don't know the way. The station master told me to follow you as you live next door. Excuse me for asking, but is there much farther to go before we get there?"
Eton is one of ten English HMC schools, commonly referred to as "public schools", regulated by the Public Schools Act of 1868. Following the public school tradition, Eton is a full boarding school, which means all pupils live at the school, and it is one of four such remaining single-sex boys' public schools in the United Kingdom (the others being Harrow, Radley, and Winchester) to continue this practice. Eton has educated 19 British prime ministers and generations of the aristocracy and has been referred to as the chief nurse of England's statesmen. Charging up to £11,478 per term (there are three terms per academic year) in 2014/15, Eton is the sixth most expensive HMC boarding school in the UK.   Eton has a long list of distinguished former pupils. David Cameron is the 19th British prime minister to have attended the school, and has recommended that Eton set up a school in the state sector to help drive up standards. Eton now co-sponsors a state sixth-form college in Newham, a deprived area of East London, called the London Academy of Excellence, opened in 2012, which is free of charge and aims to get all its students into higher education. In September 2014, Eton opened, and became the sole educational sponsor for, a new purpose-built co-educational state boarding and day school for around 500 pupils, Holyport College, in Maidenhead in Berkshire, with construction costing around £15 million, in which a fifth of places for day pupils will be set aside for children from poor homes, 21 boarding places will go to youngsters on the verge of being taken into care, and a further 28 boarders will be funded or part-funded through bursaries.
Malawi (, or ; or [maláwi]), officially the Republic of Malawi, is a landlocked country in southeast Africa that was formerly known as Nyasaland. It is bordered by Zambia to the northwest, Tanzania to the northeast, and Mozambique on the east, south and west. Malawi is over with an estimated population of 16,777,547 (July 2013 est.). Its capital is Lilongwe, which is also Malawi's largest city; the second largest is Blantyre, the third is Mzuzu and the fourth largest is its old capital Zomba. The name Malawi comes from the Maravi, an old name of the Nyanja people that inhabit the area. The country is also nicknamed "The Warm Heart of Africa".   Malawi is among the smallest countries in Africa. Lake Malawi takes up about a third of Malawi's area.   The area of Africa now known as Malawi was settled by migrating Bantu groups around the 10th century. Centuries later in 1891 the area was colonised by the British. In 1953 Malawi, then known as Nyasaland, a protectorate of the United Kingdom, became a protectorate within the semi-independent Federation of Rhodesia and Nyasaland. The Federation was dissolved in 1963. In 1964 the protectorate over Nyasaland was ended and Nyasaland became an independent country under Queen Elizabeth II with the new name Malawi. Two years later it became a republic. Upon gaining independence it became a one-party state under the presidency of Hastings Banda, who remained president until 1994, when he lost an election. Arthur Peter Mutharika is the current president. Malawi has a democratic, multi-party government. The country has a Malawian Defence Force that includes an army, a navy and an air wing. Malawi's foreign policy is pro-Western and includes positive diplomatic relations with most countries and participation in several international organisations, including the United Nations, the Commonwealth of Nations, the Southern African Development Community (SADC), the Common Market for Eastern and Southern Africa (COMESA), and the African Union (AU).
The Space Race was a 20th-century competition between two Cold War rivals, the Soviet Union (USSR) and the United States (US), for supremacy in spaceflight capability. It had its origins in the missile-based nuclear arms race between the two nations that occurred following World War II, enabled by captured German rocket technology and personnel. The technological superiority required for such supremacy was seen as necessary for national security, and symbolic of ideological superiority. The Space Race spawned pioneering efforts to launch artificial satellites, unmanned space probes of the Moon, Venus, and Mars, and human spaceflight in low Earth orbit and to the Moon. The competition began on August 2, 1955, when the Soviet Union responded to the US announcement four days earlier of intent to launch artificial satellites for the International Geophysical Year, by declaring they would also launch a satellite "in the near future". The Soviet Union beat the US to this, with the October 4, 1957 orbiting of Sputnik 1, and later beat the US to the first human in space, Yuri Gagarin, on April 12, 1961. The Space Race peaked with the July 20, 1969 US landing of the first humans on the Moon with Apollo 11. The USSR tried but failed manned lunar missions, and eventually cancelled them and concentrated on Earth orbital space stations. A period of détente followed with the April 1972 agreement on a co-operative Apollo–Soyuz Test Project, resulting in the July 1975 rendezvous in Earth orbit of a US astronaut crew with a Soviet cosmonaut crew.
Before he was Pope Benedict XVI, before he earned the nickname "Cardinal No" as the enforcer of church doctrine, he was Joseph Ratzinger -- the son of Maria and police officer Joseph Ratzinger, learning about life and God in Germany between two world wars.   According to Roman Catholic doctrine, Benedict is not only the church's leader but God's representative on earth and infallible.   He is also a man -- one who savors his meat and potatoes, an accomplished pianist who loves Mozart, and a teacher who for years commanded university classes. His humanity became apparent Monday, when the Vatican announced he'd resign at month's end "because of advanced age," becoming the first pope in nearly 600 years to do so.   After his birth on April 16, 1927, in Marktl am Inn, in southeastern Germany near the Austrian border, Ratzinger's early years were defined by his country and the turbulent times, as well as his faith.   Adolf Hitler rose to power during Ratzinger's adolescent years in Traunstein, in the heavily Catholic region of Bavaria. When he was 14, school officials followed Nazi officials' orders and enrolled him and the rest of his class in the Hitler Youth movement -- against his will, Ratzinger wrote in his memoir.   He left the organization shortly thereafter, because he was studying for the priesthood. But in 1943, Ratzinger was brought back into the Nazi fold upon being drafted into the German army.   For the next two years, Ratzinger served his country as part of an anti-aircraft unit. But in the waning days of World War II, he deserted -- and was taken prisoner by the U.S. Army. 
We first thought about starting this piece with the story of Saleha Begum, a survivor of Bangladesh's 1971 war in which, some reports say, as many as 400,000 women were raped. Begum had been tied to a banana tree and repeatedly gang raped and burned with cigarettes for months until she was shot and left for dead in a pile of women. She didn't die, though, and was able to return home, ravaged and five months pregnant. When she got home she was branded a "slut."   We also thought of starting with the story of Ester Abeja, a woman in Uganda who was forcibly held as a "bush wife" by the Lord's Resistance Army. Repeated rape with objects destroyed her insides. Her captors also made her kill her 1-year-old daughter by smashing the baby's head into a tree.   We ran through a dozen other stories of women like Begum and Abeja, and finally realized that it would be too difficult to find the right one -- the tale that would express exactly how and in what ways sexualized violence is being used as a weapon of war to devastate women and tear apart communities around the world, conflict by conflict, from Libya to the Democratic Republic of Congo.   It is because of this complexity that we must understand how sexualized violence is being used. We must understand in order to stop it -- just as, when seeking to defuse a bomb, it is crucial to know its components. Both the World Health Organization and the U.N. Security Council have recognized that there is a lack of research on the nature and extent of sexualized violence in conflict, even as there is increasing demand from U.N. bodies, donors, and others for better analysis to work toward prevention and healing. 
Index Medicus (IM) is a curated subset of MEDLINE, which is a bibliographic database of life science and biomedical science information, principally scientific journal articles. From 1879 to 2004, "Index Medicus" was a comprehensive bibliographic index of such articles in the form of a print index or (in later years) its onscreen equivalent. It was begun by John Shaw Billings, head of the Library of the Surgeon General's Office, United States Army. This library later evolved into the United States National Library of Medicine (NLM). In the 1960s, the NLM began the indexing work by creating MEDLARS, a bibliographic database, which became MEDLINE. "Index Medicus" thus became the print presentation of the MEDLINE database's content, which users accessed usually by visiting a library which subscribed to "Index Medicus" (for example, a university scientist at the university library). It continued in this role through the 1980s and 1990s, while various electronic presentations of MEDLINE's content also evolved, first with proprietary online services (accessed mostly at libraries) and later with CD-ROMs, then with Entrez and PubMed. As users gradually migrated from print to online use, "Index Medicus" print subscriptions dwindled. During the 1990s, the dissemination of home internet connections, the launch of the Web and web browsers, and the launch of PubMed greatly accelerated the shift of online access to MEDLINE from something one did at the library to something one did anywhere. This dissemination, along with the superior usability of search compared with use of a print index in serving the user's purpose (which is to distill relevant subsets of information from a vast superset), caused the use of MEDLINE's print output, "Index Medicus", to drop precipitously. In 2004, print publication ceased. Today, "Index Medicus" and "Abridged Index Medicus" still exist conceptually as content curation services that curate MEDLINE content into search subsets or database views (in other words, subsets of MEDLINE records from some journals but not others). This filters search results with a view toward excluding poor-quality articles (such as by excluding junk journals), which is often helpful depending on the needs of the user.
In context of spaceflight, a satellite is an artificial object which has been intentionally placed into orbit. Such objects are sometimes called artificial satellites to distinguish them from natural satellites such as Earth's Moon.   In 1957 the Soviet Union launched the world's first artificial satellite, Sputnik 1. Since then, about 6,600 satellites from more than 40 countries have been launched. According to a 2013 estimate, 3,600 remained in orbit. Of those, about 1,000 were operational; while the rest have lived out their useful lives and became space debris. Approximately 500 operational satellites are in low-Earth orbit, 50 are in medium-Earth orbit (at 20,000 km), and the rest are in geostationary orbit (at 36,000 km). A few large satellites have been launched in parts and assembled in orbit. Over a dozen space probes have been placed into orbit around other bodies and become artificial satellites to the Moon, Mercury, Venus, Mars, Jupiter, Saturn, a few asteroids, and the Sun.   Satellites are used for many purposes. Common types include military and civilian Earth observation satellites, communications satellites, navigation satellites, weather satellites, and space telescopes. Space stations and human spacecraft in orbit are also satellites. Satellite orbits vary greatly, depending on the purpose of the satellite, and are classified in a number of ways. Well-known (overlapping) classes include low Earth orbit, polar orbit, and geostationary orbit.
If the global economy remains sluggish, a small corner of the British horse racing hub of Newmarket is very much bucking the trend.   It is nearly quarter of a millennium since Richard Tattersall founded his eponymous bloodstock auctioneers and, in 2013, Tattersalls' business is booming.   Back in October behind the gates of Tattersalls Park Paddocks, a record was set for the most ever spent on a horse in Europe -- $8.4 million (£5.25 million) -- for the Galileo filly by Alluring Park.   In a nod to its old roots, all sales are still priced in guineas (effectively a pound and a shilling) so Qatari Sheikh Joann al Thani parted with five million guineas for the honor of buying this prestigious filly.   Excitement, though, is building at Tattersalls once more with the first offering from Frankel having retired and gone to stud with the pregnant Dancing Rain undoubtedly the most mouth-watering prospect going under the hammer at the two-week December sale, which starts on November 25.   Dancing Rain won both the Oaks and its German equivalent and it is more than 50 years since an Oaks winner carrying her first foal has been sold in public auction.   The fact the foal she is carrying is the offspring of Frankel, with 14 wins from as many races and undoubtedly the most acclaimed horse of its generation, makes the prospect all the more exciting.   Jimmy George, the marketing director at Tattersalls, is loathe to say he expects the record to be broken but big money will undoubtedly change hands. 
Online with Linda Sheila Posted 18-12-18.25 I'm very worried about my friend,Joleen.She's thin but she thinks she is fat.She is always on a diet.She thinks it's necessary for her to lose more weight.She wants to be model.She has photographs of thin models on her bedroom walls.I think she's getting too thin,but if I talk to her about this,she get worried .How can I help her? Simon Posted 18-12-19.00 Sometimes ,I'm concerned about the pressure I get from my frinds.For example,yesterday I was with a group of frinds.We saw a woman lying on the street.She looked very sick.My friends made some jokes about her and laughed,but I wanted to help her.However,my friends told me not to,and I listened to them.Now I feel ashamed.It was cruel of my friends to laugh at her but I wasn't strong enough to say anything. Dear Sheila, You are right to be worried about friend,Joleen.This is a serious problem.She should not continue to be on a diet if she is very thin,she may have an illness called "anorexia".Anorexia people are afraid of eating food.You must advise her to see a doctor soon. If she won't do that,you should talk to her parents or to a teacher. Dear Simon, You feel ashamed because you should have helped the woman.You are right.Your friends were cruel to that woman.We all want our friend to like us.But we don't have to follow our friends all the time.You're a good boy.You should be strong enough to make up your own mind next time.
Camille Olivia Hanks was studying at the University of Maryland when she met Bill Cosby in the early '60s. He was doing stand-up comedy in Washington when the two were set up on a blind date. They fell in love and she left school to support his burgeoning career in entertainment.   By 1964, the two were married and they would go on to have five children together. In 1997, their son Ennis (who inspired the character Theo Huxtable) was murdered, and a few years later Dr. Camille Cosby did a one-on-one with Oprah explaining how she'd eventually been able to find joy after mourning the loss of a child.   Throughout that interview it was so clear that you were looking at the real-life Clair Huxtable that even Oprah seemed a bit star-struck by her poise and grace.   During her 2000 appearance on Oprah, Camille revealed:   "I became keenly aware of myself in my mid-thirties. I went through a transition. I decided to go back to school, because I had dropped out of college to marry Bill when I was 19. I had five children, and I decided to go back. I didn't feel fulfilled educationally. I dropped out of school at the end of my sophomore year. So I went back, and when I did, my self-esteem grew. I got my master's, then decided to get my doctoral degree. Education helped me to come out of myself."   When asked why she wasn't content to just settle for being the wife of a famous entertainer she continued: 
Kansas is a U.S. state in the Midwestern United States. Its capital is Topeka and its largest city is Wichita. Kansas is named after the Kansa Native American tribe, which inhabited the area. The tribe's name (natively "") is often said to mean "people of the (south) wind" although this was probably not the term's original meaning. For thousands of years, what is now Kansas was home to numerous and diverse Native American tribes. Tribes in the eastern part of the state generally lived in villages along the river valleys. Tribes in the western part of the state were semi-nomadic and hunted large herds of bison.   Kansas was first settled by European Americans in 1812, in what is now Bonner Springs, but the pace of settlement accelerated in the 1850s, in the midst of political wars over the slavery issue. When it was officially opened to settlement by the U.S. government in 1854 with the Kansas–Nebraska Act, abolitionist Free-Staters from New England and pro-slavery settlers from neighboring Missouri rushed to the territory to determine whether Kansas would become a free state or a slave state. Thus, the area was a hotbed of violence and chaos in its early days as these forces collided, and was known as Bleeding Kansas. The abolitionists prevailed, and on January 29, 1861, Kansas entered the Union as a free state. After the Civil War, the population of Kansas grew rapidly when waves of immigrants turned the prairie into farmland.
Katie went to the store. She needed to buy some flowers. She also needed to buy a snack and a bow. The store is down the street. Katie's mother drove her to the store. Her mother is named June. Katie looked around for the flowers. She found some pink ones. Katie then looked for the snacks. She wanted cookies not chips. She found some chocolate cookies. Katie then looked for a bow. She wanted to get one for her cat. Her cat is named James. James likes wearing bows. Katie also has a dog, but he does not like bows. His name is Sammy. Katie gave the bow to James the cat. He liked it. Katie ate her snack. She likes chocolate cookies. Katie gave the flowers to her mother. Her mother was very happy. She likes flowers. Katie did not get anything for Sammy. She gave Sammy a hug instead. Sammy likes hugs. James does not like hugs. Katie had a great day.
Operation Barbarossa (German: "Unternehmen Barbarossa") was the code name for the Axis invasion of the Soviet Union, starting Sunday, 22 June 1941, during World War II.   The operation stemmed from Nazi Germany's ideological aims to conquer the western Soviet Union so that it could be repopulated by Germans, to use Slavs as a slave-labour force for the Axis war-effort, and to seize the oil reserves of the Caucasus and the agricultural resources of Soviet territories.   In the two years leading up to the invasion, Germany and the Soviet Union signed political and economic pacts for strategic purposes. Nevertheless, the German High Command began planning an invasion of the Soviet Union in July 1940 (under the codename Operation Otto), which Adolf Hitler authorized on 18 December 1940. Over the course of the operation, about four million Axis personnel, the largest invasion force in the history of warfare, invaded the western Soviet Union along a front. In addition to troops, the Wehrmacht employed some 600,000 motor vehicles, and between 600,000 and 700,000 horses for non-combat operations. The offensive marked an escalation of the war, both geographically and in the formation of the Allied coalition.   Operationally, German forces achieved major victories and occupied some of the most important economic areas of the Soviet Union, mainly in the Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic, and inflicted, as well as sustained, heavy casualties. Despite these Axis successes, the German offensive stalled in the Battle of Moscow and subsequently the Soviet winter counteroffensive pushed German troops back. The Red Army absorbed the Wehrmacht's strongest blows and forced the unprepared Germans into a war of attrition. The Wehrmacht would never again mount a simultaneous offensive along the entire strategic Soviet–Axis front. The failure of the operation drove Hitler to demand further operations of increasingly limited scope inside the Soviet Union, such as Case Blue in 1942 and Operation Citadel in 1943 — all of which eventually failed.
The driver of a Toyota Prius says he was taken on a wild ride Monday after the car's accelerator became stuck, reaching speeds in excess of 90 mph on a winding, hilly portion of a southern California interstate.   It took the California Highway Patrol to bring the car safely to a stop.   The driver, Jim Sikes, said he was traveling east on Interstate 8 outside of the San Diego area when he attempted to pass a slower vehicle.   "I pushed the gas pedal to pass a car, and it just did something kind of funny ... and it just stuck there," he said at a news conference outside a Highway Patrol office. "As I was going, I was trying the brakes ... and it just kept speeding up."   Sikes said he called 911 for help, and dispatchers talked him through instructions on how he might be able to stop the car. But nothing worked.   At one point, Sikes said he reached down to try to pull the accelerator up, but it "stayed right where it was."   Alerted by emergency dispatchers, a California Highway Patrol officer was able to catch up to Sikes' Prius and used the patrol car's public address system to instruct Sikes to apply the brakes and the emergency brake at the same time.   The tactic worked, and the car slowed to about 50 mph. Sikes said he was able to shut off the car, and it rolled to a stop. The responding officer, Todd Neibert, positioned his patrol car in front of the Prius as a precaution to prevent it from moving again. 
The exact number of exonerated American prisoners is unknown. But data gathered by university law schools indicates it's more than 2,000. Fascinating details surrounding some of these exonerations set them apart from the rest. Here are five recent exonerations that made headlines.   1. Michael Morton   The subject of a CNN film, Michael Morton wasn't home when his wife, Christine, was beaten to death in front of their 3-year-old son at their Austin, Texas-area home in 1986. But a prosecutor said the evidence suggested otherwise. The problem was, the jury was prevented from hearing all the evidence in the case.   Wrongly convicted of murder and sentenced to life in prison, a team of loyal supporters and DNA evidence helped Morton win his freedom in 2011. Last month, Morton's former prosecutor pleaded no contest to a court order to show cause regarding evidence that was not used in the trial.   Read more about Michael Morton's story   2. Brian Banks and the incredible twist   At age 17, fearing a potentially long sentence, college football hopeful Brian Banks followed the advice of his attorney and pleaded no contest to assaulting a Long Beach, California, high school classmate in 2002.   Banks maintained his innocence throughout nearly six years of imprisonment, subsequent probation and registration as a sex offender.   But in 2011, the case took an incredible twist when the alleged victim sent Banks a Facebook friend request.   According to the California Innocence Project, the woman later admitted that Banks had not kidnapped or raped her during a consensual encounter at Long Beach Polytechnic High School, where Banks was a middle linebacker with a scholarship offer from the University of Southern California. 
Garrick Utley, who worked as a globetrotting foreign correspondent during the flush decades of network news, has died at age 74 of prostate cancer, his wife of 40 years said Friday.   "He has been fighting -- as you always call it -- prostate cancer for two years," Gertje Utley said. "He had a very, very rare, very aggressive kind."   He died Thursday night at his home in New York overlooking Central Park, she said.   "He was really the old kind of journalist," she said of her husband, who reported from more than 75 countries. "He was the old kind of trenchcoat-clad journalist who wrote his own copy -- always wrote his own copy."   During his early years at NBC, the network did not scrimp on devoting resources to newsgathering, she said. "That's what he always talked about: The early days were the lucky days."   Born in Chicago in 1939 to a radio and television news couple, Clifton and Frayn Utley, Garrick graduated from Carleton College and studied at the Army Language School in Monterey, California, before winning a Fulbright Scholarship and moving to Berlin to study East-West relations, she said.   In 1963, NBC's John Chancellor -- who had worked for Utley's father -- hired him as an office assistant in the network's bureau in Brussels, Belgium, she said.   After NBC News's "Huntley-Brinkley Report" expanded that year from 15 minutes to half an hour, the network was looking for more material, and Utley caught the eye of the brass. "He covered a couple of stories for the Common Market, as it was called then," she said of what is now the European Economic Community, and did some work in London. 
McGill University is a public research university in Montreal, Quebec, Canada. It was established in 1821 by royal charter, granted by King George IV of the United Kingdom. The University bears the name of James McGill, a Montreal merchant from Scotland whose bequest in 1813 formed the university's precursor, McGill College.   McGill's main campus is located at Mount Royal in downtown Montreal, with the second campus situated in Sainte-Anne-de-Bellevue, also on the Montreal Island, 30 kilometres (18 miles) west of the main campus. Its academic units are organized into 11 main Faculties and Schools. The University is one of two members of the Association of American Universities located outside the United States, and it is the only Canadian member of the Global University Leaders Forum (GULF), within the World Economic Forum, which is made up of 26 of the world's top universities.   McGill offers degrees and diplomas in over 300 fields of study, with the highest average admission requirements of any Canadian university. Most students are enrolled in the five largest faculties, namely Arts, Science, Medicine, Engineering, and Management.   McGill counts among its alumni 12 Nobel laureates and 142 Rhodes Scholars, both the most in Canada, as well as five astronauts, three Canadian prime ministers, 13 justices of the Canadian Supreme Court, four foreign leaders, 28 foreign ambassadors, nine Academy Award (Oscars) winners, 11 Grammy Award winners, three Pulitzer Prize winners, and 28 Olympic medalists, all of varying nationalities. Throughout its long history, McGill alumni were instrumental in inventing or initially organizing football, basketball, and ice hockey. McGill University or its alumni also founded several major universities and colleges, including the Universities of British Columbia, Victoria, and Alberta, the Schulich School of Medicine & Dentistry, the Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine, and Dawson College.
Arizona (; ; O'odham: "Alĭ ṣonak" [ˡaɺi ˡʂonak]) is a state in the southwestern region of the United States. It is also part of the Western and the Mountain states. It is the sixth largest and the 14th most populous of the 50 states. Its capital and largest city is Phoenix. Arizona is one of the Four Corners states. It has borders with New Mexico, Utah, Nevada, California, and Mexico, and one point in common with the southwestern corner of Colorado. Arizona's border with Mexico is 389 miles (626 km) long, on the northern border of the Mexican states of Sonora and Baja California.   Arizona is the 48th state and last of the contiguous states to be admitted to the Union, achieving statehood on February 14, 1912. Historically part of the territory of "Alta California" in New Spain, it became part of independent Mexico in 1821. After being defeated in the Mexican–American War, Mexico ceded much of this territory to the United States in 1848. The southernmost portion of the state was acquired in 1853 through the Gadsden Purchase.   Southern Arizona is known for its desert climate, with very hot summers and mild winters. Northern Arizona features forests of pine, Douglas fir, and spruce trees; the Colorado Plateau; some mountain ranges (such as the San Francisco Mountains); as well as large, deep canyons, with much more moderate summer temperatures and significant winter snowfalls. There are ski resorts in the areas of Flagstaff, Alpine, and Tucson. In addition to the Grand Canyon National Park, there are several national forests, national parks, and national monuments.
The game pad controllers were more-or-less copied directly from the Game & Watch machines, although the Famicom design team originally wanted to use arcade-style joysticks, even taking apart ones from American game consoles to see how they worked. However, it was eventually decided that children might step on joysticks left on the floor and their durability was also questioned. Katsuyah Nakawaka attached a Game & Watch D-pad to the Famicom prototype and found that it was easy to use and had no discomfort. Ultimately though, they did install a 15-pin expansion port on the front of the console so that an arcade-style joystick could be used optionally. The controllers were hard-wired to the console with no connectors for cost reasons.   At June 1985's Consumer Electronics Show (CES), Nintendo unveiled the American version of its Famicom. This is the system which would eventually be officially deployed as the Nintendo Entertainment System, or the colloquial "NES". Nintendo seeded these first systems to limited American test markets starting in New York City on October 18, 1985, following up with a full-fledged North American release of the console in February of the following year. Nintendo released 17 launch titles: 10-Yard Fight, Baseball, Clu Clu Land, Duck Hunt, Excitebike, Golf, Gyromite, Hogan’s Alley, Ice Climber, Kung Fu, Pinball, Soccer, Stack-Up, Tennis, Wild Gunman, Wrecking Crew, and Super Mario Bros.h[›] Some varieties of these launch games contained Famicom chips with an adapter inside the cartridge so they would play on North American consoles, which is why the title screen of Gyromite has the Famicom title "Robot Gyro" and the title screen of Stack-Up has the Famicom title "Robot Block".
By the 1890s the profound effect of adrenal extracts on many different tissue types had been discovered, setting off a search both for the mechanism of chemical signalling and efforts to exploit these observations for the development of new drugs. The blood pressure raising and vasoconstrictive effects of adrenal extracts were of particular interest to surgeons as hemostatic agents and as treatment for shock, and a number of companies developed products based on adrenal extracts containing varying purities of the active substance. In 1897 John Abel of Johns Hopkins University identified the active principle as epinephrine, which he isolated in an impure state as the sulfate salt. Industrial chemist Jokichi Takamine later developed a method for obtaining epinephrine in a pure state, and licensed the technology to Parke Davis. Parke Davis marketed epinephrine under the trade name Adrenalin. Injected epinephrine proved to be especially efficacious for the acute treatment of asthma attacks, and an inhaled version was sold in the United States until 2011 (Primatene Mist). By 1929 epinephrine had been formulated into an inhaler for use in the treatment of nasal congestion.
LONDON, England(CNN)-- The youngest person to sail solo around the world returned home Thursday from his 30,000-mile, 282-day ocean journey.   Mike Perham, 17, sailed into Lizard Point in Cornwall, the southernmost point in Britain, at 9:47 a.m., his race team said.   "It feels ly brilliant," Mike told CNN by phone hours before crossing the finish line. "I'm really, really excited to be going across the line at last. It doesn't feel like long since I crossed it first."   Mike set off on his round-the-world trip on November 18, 2008. He has been sailing his yacht, TotallyMoney.com, single-handedly, though a support team has been sailing next to him along the way. ks5u   The teen has now achieved the title of Youngest Sailor to Circumnavigate the Globe Solo, according to the Guinness World Records.   Mike learned how to sail when he was seven years old from his father, Peter and at age 14, he sailed across the Atlantic alone.   The teenager's school -- which Mike describes as "highly supportive" of his trip -- has redesigned his coursework to fit in with his trip. It also gave him some coursework to do during "quiet moments," according to Mike's Website.   There haven't been many of those quiet moments. Repeated autopilot failures forced him to stop for repairs in Portugal, the Canary Islands, South Africa, and twice in Australia, according to his Web site.   Bad weather in the Southern Ocean -- between Australia and Antarctica -- forced Mike to battle 50ft waves and 57 mph winds. He said at one point, a "freak wave" picked up the boat and turned it on its side. "My feet were on the ceiling at the time," he told CNN. "That was a really hairy moment, and I was certainly thinking, 'Why am I here?' But we took the sails off and the day after I thought, 'This is brilliant!'"   Mike describes his father as his biggest hero, always supportive of what he wanted to achieve. Peter Perham said he wasn't too worried about his son facing dangerous situations at sea, as long as he knew what to do and stayed safe.
In the mid-1970s, Gloria Estefan was studying psychology, international law and French at the University of Miami and singing with a local band on the side. She was planning to head to the Sorbonne to further her studies. But then Emilio Estefan swept her off her feet, and their band, the Miami Sound Machine, would soon sweep the nation with its Conga beat.   Estefan never made it to the Sorbonne, but she launched an enduring musical career that has made her into a beloved international artist.   Thirty-five years later, she remains married to that first and only boyfriend. And the seven-time Grammy winner has now released "The Standards," an album of classic American tunes with a Gloria Estefan twist. It opens with "Good Morning Heartache," and moves on to songs like "They Can't Take That Away From Me," "What A Difference A Day Makes," "Eu Sei Que Vou Te Amar" and "Young at Heart."   The album, she said, brings her career back to some of those first shaky steps onto the national stage.   "It's such a natural thing for me, something that I wanted to do so long and 25 years ago when I danced the conga on 'The Tonight Show.' I sang 'Good Morning Heartache' with my piano player as a second song and this is like full circle," Estefan said. "That's why it starts the record."   Fans know her dance hits like "Conga," "Hotel Nacional," "Wepa" and "Rhythm is Gonna Get You." But there's something about the ballads -- "Coming out of the Dark", "Higher" -- that make the heart ache. 
A little girl named Natalie went to the zoo with her father and her two brothers. Her father's name was Jared. Her brothers' names were Logan and Tim. They drove to the zoo in their car. Before they arrived at the zoo, they stopped at a McDonald's and ate breakfast. Natalie ate a biscuit. Her brothers ate sausage and eggs. Her father drank coffee.   All three children loved the zoo. Natalie's favorite animal was the gorilla. She loved to watch him jump up and down. She also liked it when he would pound on his chest and roar. It was very exciting. Logan's favorite animal was the giraffe. He thought that it looked funny. He also liked its spots. Tim's favorite animal was the crocodile because it looked tough.   Natalie, Logan, and Tim were not happy with the elephant. He was their least favorite animal. All he did was sleep in his cage.   Natalie shouted, "Hey, Mr. Elephant, we want to see you up close!" The elephant did not wake up. She yelled a few more times, but the elephant kept sleeping. She gave up and went to the next animal.   The last animals that they saw were the penguins. Natalie and her brothers thought that they were so cute. Natalie asked to take one home, but her father said no.
Historically, the channel's programming consisted mainly of featured classic theatrically released feature films from the Turner Entertainment film library – which comprises films from Warner Bros. Pictures (covering films released before 1950) and Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer (covering films released before May 1986). However, TCM now has licensing deals with other Hollywood film studios as well as its Time Warner sister company, Warner Bros. (which now controls the Turner Entertainment library and its own later films), and occasionally shows more recent films. Turner Classic Movies is a dedicated film channel and is available in United States, United Kingdom, France (TCM Cinéma), Spain (TCM España), Nordic countries, Middle East and Africa.   In 1986, eight years before the launch of Turner Classic Movies, Ted Turner acquired the Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer film studio for $1.5 billion. Concerns over Turner Entertainment's corporate debt load resulted in Turner selling the studio that October back to Kirk Kerkorian, from whom Turner had purchased the studio less than a year before. As part of the deal, Turner Entertainment retained ownership of MGM's library of films released up to May 9, 1986. Turner Broadcasting System was split into two companies; Turner Broadcasting System and Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and reincorporated as MGM/UA Communications Co.
Steve had a very long finger. It was the longest finger anyone in his town had. One day Steve shut the toilet seat, and his finger got caught in it. He couldn't get it out. It was very cold in the bathroom. This is why his sister brought him a coat. He was in the bathroom a long time. So, Steve started pasting a stone on the wall with glue on the end of his brush. Then he wrote the truth on this stone. He used a black pencil to write the truth on this stone, but the writing turned out blue. He did not know that his sister was watching him write the truth from the ceiling. He was upset because he always had a fear that he would have to share his secret power with his sister. It was too late, she saw that he wrote the truth on the stone. So he let her see his power. With a twirl of his long finger he magically made the toilet seat lift up. He could make things move with his mind.
Dave and John were playing catch in the living room. Rose told them that was dumb, but she did not stop them. She kept writing in her notebook. If they wanted to get in trouble, then they could. It was not her responsibility.   Dave told John to go long. Dave did not have good aim and missed John's hands when he threw the ball. Instead he hit the lamp and knocked it over. He was glad he did not hit the dishes. Nor did he hit the cat. John was not glad that he hit the lamp, but was glad that the lamp was not broken.   When John's dad came home, he was very happy that John came clean about the lamp even when it was not broken. After telling them off for playing inside, John's dad made them all a cake. The cake had lemon frosting, which was Dave's favorite. Rose cannot eat lemon, so she let Dave have her slice. He chose to take Rose's cake home to his Bro. Dave thanked her a lot.
Answers to the quiz are in bold.   1. What is the 5-digit number in which the first, third and last digits are the same, the first digit is four less than the second, the last is four less than the fourth and the second and fourth are the same? (Hint: The sum of all the digits is 33.) 59,595   2. Boris Smetana and Karl Smith were world-class chess champions. In one series of matches, each won every game. How? They were not playing each other   3. Nicole was sure she got the right answer when her botany teacher asked her to pick out the plant that was not a tree from the list below. Which one would you choose? Peach, plum, walnut, linden, banana Banana   4. Six bricklayers can lay 24 bricks in half an hour. How many bricks can 12 bricklayers lay in two hours? 192 (Each bricklayer lays four bricks in half an hour, or eight bricks in an hour. That is 16 bricks in two hours times 12 bricklayers who can lay 16 bricks each.)   5. What is the number that is one more than one-tenth of one-fifth of one-half of 4,000? 41. (4,000/2 = 2,000, /5=400,/10=40,+1=41)   6. In a pie-eating contest, Alice was neither first nor last, but she beat Evan. Ben beat Alice. Carol beat Dan who beat Ben. Who was last? Evan   7. What letter would logically complete the series below? A Z B Y C X D W E? V (There are two series: A to E forward and Z, Y, X, W backward) 
Malay is a major language of the Austronesian family spoken in Brunei, Indonesia, Malaysia and Singapore. It is spoken by 290 million people across the Strait of Malacca, including the coasts of the Malay Peninsula of Malaysia and the eastern coast of Sumatra in Indonesia, and has been established as a native language of part of western coastal Sarawak and West Kalimantan in Borneo. It is also used as a trading language in the southern Philippines, including the southern parts of the Zamboanga Peninsula, the Sulu Archipelago and the southern predominantly Muslim-inhabited municipalities of Bataraza and Balabac in Palawan.   As the "Bahasa Kebangsaan" or "Bahasa Nasional" (National Language) of several states, Standard Malay has various official names. In Singapore and Brunei it is called "Bahasa Melayu" (Malay language); in Malaysia, "Bahasa Malaysia" (Malaysian language); and in Indonesia, "Bahasa Indonesia" (Indonesian language) and is designated the "Bahasa Persatuan/ Pemersatu" ("unifying language/ "lingua franca""). However, in areas of central to southern Sumatra where the language is indigenous, Indonesians refer to it as "Bahasa Melayu" and consider it one of their regional languages.   Standard Malay, also called Court Malay, was the literary standard of the pre-colonial Malacca and Johor Sultanates, and so the language is sometimes called Malacca, Johor, or Riau Malay (or various combinations of those names) to distinguish it from the various other Malayan languages. According to "Ethnologue" 16, several of the Malayan varieties they currently list as separate languages, including the "Orang Asli" varieties of Peninsular Malay, are so closely related to standard Malay that they may prove to be dialects—these are listed with question marks in the infobox at right or on top (depending on device). There are also several Malay trade and creole languages which are based on a lingua franca derived from Classical Malay, as well as Macassar Malay, which appears to be a mixed language.
Moses () is a prophet in the Abrahamic religions. According to the Hebrew Bible, he was adopted by an Egyptian princess, and later in life became the leader of the Israelites and lawgiver, to whom the authorship of the Torah, or acquisition of the Torah from Heaven is traditionally attributed. Also called "Moshe Rabbenu" in Hebrew (, "lit." "Moses our Teacher"), he is the most important prophet in Judaism. He is also an important prophet in Christianity, Islam, the Bahá'í Faith, and a number of other Abrahamic religions.   According to the Book of Exodus, Moses was born in a time when his people, the Israelites, an enslaved minority, were increasing in numbers and the Egyptian Pharaoh was worried that they might ally themselves with Egypt's enemies. Moses' Hebrew mother, Jochebed, secretly hid him when the Pharaoh ordered all newborn Hebrew boys to be killed in order to reduce the population of the Israelites. Through the Pharaoh's daughter (identified as Queen Bithia in the Midrash), the child was adopted as a foundling from the Nile river and grew up with the Egyptian royal family. After killing an Egyptian slavemaster (because the slavemaster was smiting a Hebrew), Moses fled across the Red Sea to Midian, where he encountered The Angel of the Lord, speaking to him from within a burning bush on Mount Horeb (which he regarded as the Mountain of God).
When people want to give back to their community, they typically pull out their checkbooks.   Jayson Black decided to pull out his running shoes.   The 28-year-old IT consultant pledged to run 26.2 miles a day for 26 days -- a total of 681.2 miles -- to raise money and awareness for the Three Square Food Bank of Southern Nevada.   "My hopes are that people will see and hear about this epic mission and open their eyes a little bit," Black said on day eight of his challenge. "Las Vegas isn't all about the sparkling lights and big hotels and casinos. In the shadows and down the alleys that surround the Strip, people are hungry."   The mission   Black first came to CNN's attention through longtime iReporter Chris Morrow, who was in Las Vegas and read about his campaign.   Black spent Thanksgiving Day on the street.   He woke up, went to church and ran all day. After completing his daily marathon, Black came home for a Thanksgiving meal of salad and protein shakes.   CNN iReport: 26 marathons in 26 days   He's not complaining. He says he started this challenge to draw attention to impoverished people who go hungry on a daily basis.   "You drive around any city in the United States, and there's always someone somewhere holding a sign or digging through a garbage can for something to eat," he says. "It's great that everyone donates a turkey at Thanksgiving, but this is something bigger than just Thanksgiving."   An estimated 16.2% of the Southern Nevada population is considered "food insecure," meaning people do not know when or from where their next meal will come. 
A Sudanese woman sentenced to die for refusing to renounce her Christianity gave birth to a baby girl in prison Tuesday, her lawyers said.   Meriam Yehya Ibrahim, 27, delivered her baby at a women's prison in Khartoum, but her husband was not allowed to be present for the birth, sources told CNN. They asked not to be named for safety reasons.   Ibrahim was convicted of apostasy, or the renunciation of faith, about two weeks ago while she was eight months pregnant.   A Sudanese lawyer filed an appeal last week to reverse the verdict by the lower court.   She is in prison with her 20-month-old son, but Sudanese officials have said the toddler is free to leave any time, according to her lawyer, Mohamed Jar Elnabi.   Her husband, Daniel Wani, is a U.S. citizen who uses a wheelchair and "totally depends on her for all details of his life," her lawyer said.   The appeal   The appeals court in Khartoum will issue a ruling on the case in the next week, but it will first ask the lower court to submit the documents it used to make the ruling, according to her lawyer.   Once that's done, it will issue a case number, he said.   "We will continue checking with the appeals court, but Inshallah (Allah willing) ... the appeals court will reverse the sentence and set her free," he said.   Christian or Muslim?   Ibrahim says her father was a Sudanese Muslim and her mother was Ethiopian Orthodox. Her father left when she was 6, and she was raised as a Christian. 
(CNN)The bored teenager who gunned down a college baseball player in Oklahoma simply because he and his two friends "had nothing to do," is now a convicted murderer.   Chancey Allen Luna was found guilty of first-degree murder Friday for his role in the August 2013 drive-by shooting of Christopher Lane, a 23-year-old college student in Duncan, about 80 miles south of Oklahoma City. Luna was 16 at the time of the shooting.   Lane, an Australian attending East Central University, was jogging when he was shot in the back by a gun fired by Luna.   A jury recommended Friday that Luna spend life in prison without the possibility of parole, according to court records. Because he was under 18 when the crime was committed, he is not eligible for the death penalty. He'll be formally sentenced in June.   The vehicle's driver, Michael Jones, pleaded guilty in March to second-degree murder and was sentenced to life in prison. Jones, who was 17 at the time of the murder, will be eligible for parole starting in 2051, according to the Oklahoma Department of Corrections.   Prosecutors dropped first-degree murder charges filed against the third suspect, then only 15, after he agreed to testify against Luna and Jones, according to CNN affiliate KSWO. He will now be tried as a juvenile with accessory to murder after the fact.   Duncan police Chief Danny Ford told Australian radio station 3AW that when police arrested the teens, Jones offered a motive that made clear that Lane, a baseball player on scholarship, was chosen at random. 
Maybe you've heard of many musical bands, but have you heard of Little Big Town, a country musical group? There are four members in this band, Karen Fairchild, Kimberly Schlapman, Jimi Westbrook and Phillip Sweet. They had a hard time when they began their band at first, but they didn't give up. Now it becomes very popular. "We take care of each other and we take care of the music," Karen Fairchild once said after one of their shows. As a fan of this band, I once had a chance to hang out with the members of Little Big Town. We talked about their hard beginning. At that time, they even didn't have their own stage. Fairchild also told me how the four of them were together when they were in trouble. Not only did they stand together on stage but also in their daily life. For example, they were right there when Phillip Sweet was caring for his daughter for the first time. They encouraged Kimberly Schlapman when they found her husband _ . At that time Kimberly was very sad to lose her husband. "When we have lived such a hard life together, it bonds us tightly," Phillip Sweet said. "We find true happiness is the joy of doing what we do for a living. We love the hard beginning. We also love the wonderful future."
The density, or more precisely, the volumetric mass density, of a substance is its mass per unit volume. The symbol most often used for density is "ρ" (the lower case Greek letter rho), although the Latin letter "D" can also be used. Mathematically, density is defined as mass divided by volume:   where "ρ" is the density, "m" is the mass, and "V" is the volume. In some cases (for instance, in the United States oil and gas industry), density is loosely defined as its weight per unit volume, although this is scientifically inaccurate – this quantity is more specifically called specific weight.   For a pure substance the density has the same numerical value as its mass concentration. Different materials usually have different densities, and density may be relevant to buoyancy, purity and packaging. Osmium and iridium are the densest known elements at standard conditions for temperature and pressure but certain chemical compounds may be denser.   To simplify comparisons of density across different systems of units, it is sometimes replaced by the dimensionless quantity "relative density" or "specific gravity", i.e. the ratio of the density of the material to that of a standard material, usually water. Thus a relative density less than one means that the substance floats in water.
North Korean leader Kim Jong-il has added his brother-in-law to a military board in a move analysts say paves the way for an heir, according to South Korea's state-sponsored Yonhap news agency.   Kim Jong-il has named his brother-in-law Jang Song Thaek to a top military board.   The addition of his kin to the powerful National Defense Commission also solidifies his standing, Yonhap said.   Kim was reappointed Thursday as chairman of the military board in his first major public appearance since a reported stroke in August. His brother-in-law, Jang Song Thaek, is considered his right-hand man, according to Yonhap.   Jang, who has been married to Kim's sister since 1972, currently serves as a director of the Workers' Party, Yonhap said.   "Kim wants to keep the military in check and secure loyalty to both the military and the party," Cha Doo-hyeogn, a North Korea expert, told Yonhap.   Kim also increased the number of members in the military agency to 13, from eight, Yonhap said.   "Overall, the power of the National Defense Commission was strengthened," Seoul's Unification Ministry spokesman, Kim Ho-nyoun, told Yonhap in a briefing.   There were no other major changes in the new parliament, which signifies that Kim, 67, is prepared to maintain the status quo as he readies someone to take over from him, analysts told Yonhap.   Kim's recent health problems and long absence from public functions have prompted speculation on whether he is ready to groom an heir to the world's only communist dynasty. But the secretive nation shields its internal affairs from international scrutiny. 
Spain, officially the Kingdom of Spain (), is a sovereign state located on the Iberian Peninsula in southwestern Europe, with two large archipelagoes, the Balearic Islands in the Mediterranean Sea and the Canary Islands off the North African Atlantic coast, two cities, Ceuta and Melilla, in the North African mainland and several small islands in the Alboran Sea near the Moroccan coast. The country's mainland is bordered to the south and east by the Mediterranean Sea except for a small land boundary with Gibraltar; to the north and northeast by France, Andorra, and the Bay of Biscay; and to the west and northwest by Portugal and the Atlantic Ocean. It is the only European country to have a border with an African country (Morocco) and its African territory accounts for nearly 5% of its population, mostly in the Canary Islands but also in Ceuta and Melilla.   With an area of , Spain is the largest country in Southern Europe, the second largest country in Western Europe and the European Union, and the fourth largest country in the European continent. By population, Spain is the sixth largest in Europe and the fifth in the European Union. Spain's capital and largest city is Madrid; other major urban areas include Barcelona, Valencia, Seville, Bilbao and Málaga.
Private schools, also known as independent schools, non-governmental, or nonstate schools, are not administered by local, state or national governments; thus, they retain the right to select their students and are funded in whole or in part by charging their students tuition, rather than relying on mandatory taxation through public (government) funding; at some private schools students may be able to get a scholarship, which makes the cost cheaper, depending on a talent the student may have (e.g. sport scholarship, art scholarship, academic scholarship), financial need, or tax credit scholarships that might be available.   In the United Kingdom and several other Commonwealth countries including Australia and Canada, the use of the term is generally restricted to primary and secondary educational levels; it is almost never used of universities and other tertiary institutions. Private education in North America covers the whole gamut of educational activity, ranging from pre-school to tertiary level institutions. Annual tuition fees at K-12 schools range from nothing at so called 'tuition-free' schools to more than $45,000 at several New England preparatory schools.
NASCAR's Hall of Fame class for 2015 includes Bill Elliott, one of its most popular drivers ever, and Wendell Scott, the only African-American to win a top-level race, the auto racing sanctioning body announced Wednesday.   Three other drivers -- Fred Lorenzen, Joe Weatherly and Rex White -- will be inducted at a ceremony on January 30 at the NASCAR Hall of Fame in Charlotte, North Carolina.   Elliott won one Winston Cup title and 44 races in his 37-year career, including two victories at the Daytona 500. Known as "Awesome Bill from Dawsonville", a reference to his Georgia hometown, Elliott won the series top circuit championship in 1988. He was voted NASCAR's most popular driver a record 16 times.   In 1963, Scott became the only African-American to win a race at NASCAR's highest level, taking a 100-mile feature at Jacksonville, Florida, on December 1. He also was the first African-American to race full time in NASCAR's premier series, called the Grand National Series at the time.   Scott made the top 10 in 30% of the races in his 13-year Grand National career. He was portrayed in the 1977 movie "Greased Lightning" by Richard Pryor. He died in 1990.   Lorenzen was considered one of the sport's first superstars and won 26 races while running a part-time schedule in the 1960s and early 1970s.   Weatherly was a two-time champion, in 1962 and in 1963, when he raced for nine different teams.   White was a short-track specialist in the early days of NASCAR. And since there were few super speedways, White finished in the top five about half the time. He won the 1960 championship and 28 races in his career (only twice at tracks longer than a mile). 
Long before Chen Guangcheng became internationally known as a human rights crusader, villagers near his home knew him as the man to go to when they had trouble with local authorities.   Despite having little formal legal education, Chen began advocating on behalf of villagers in 1996 at the age of 25, according to China Human Rights Defenders, a China-based human rights group.   Chen has been at the center of a burgeoning international impasse since his dramatic escape last week from the guards who kept him under house arrest in a small village in eastern China. He was confined to his home after serving four years in prison, apparently over his legal advocacy for what he called victims of abusive practices such as forced abortions by China's family planning officials.   Fellow activists say he made his way to the U.S. Embassy in Beijing, where he remains as the United States and China try to sort out the future for Chen, who has sought to call attention to the practice of forced abortions and sterilizations in China.   Yet he never sought out to be a rabble-rouser, said New York University law professor Jerome Cohen, who first met Chen when the activist traveled to the United States as part of a State Department program in 2004.   "You got the feeling you were in the presence of some Chinese equivalent of Gandhi or something," Cohen said. "He had this gentle but steely moral force."   Chen was born in 1971 in Dongshigu, a small farming village in eastern Shandong province, more than 400 kilometers (248 miles) from Beijing. 
On February 9 th,2013,Sarah Darling was walking along the street when she met a homeless man named Billy Ray Harris.She reached into her change purse,emptied out all the coins she had and gave them to the homeless man.Neither of them realized that this small generous act would change their lives. Sarah didn't realize that she had given Billy not only all her change but also her diamond ring that she had put in her change purse earlier until the following morning.She and her husband,Bill Krejci,rushed to see if they could find Billy.The homeless man was not only in the same place,he also immediately returned the ring.The grateful couple paid him back for his honesty by emptying out their pockets of all the money they had. Bill Krejci,a web designer,felt that he needed to do something more for this amazingly honest man.So on February 18th,he set up a special page to raise money for him.In just four days,Billy received over $ 85,000 and there seems to be no end yet. That is not enough.Billy is 1iving with a person who is generous instead of living in the streets.And that's not all--thanks to the news report,he got together again with his older brother,Edwin Harris who he had been unable to find for 27 years. All the good luck is just because Billy did the right thing--returning something that did not belong to him.
A Scottish woman has given birth to twins for the third time. Karen Rodger, 41, welcomed her first pair of girls rowan and Isla after having twice given birth to twin boys.   "I still haven't really taken it on board because I was convinced I was having two boys," Rodger told Sky News. Karen said her husband Colin was equally stunned when the couple learned they were going to have their fifth and sixth child. "He thought I was joking and immediately wrote back to say 'this is not funny'. I had to explain that it really was true," Karen said.   The average couple has about a 3 percent chance of having twins when not accounting for fertility drugs. And with each following pregnancy, the changes of producing twins a second, or even third time, become less.   Karen, a dance lecturer, first learned of the incredibly rare occurrence during a visit to her doctor and immediately texted her husband to share the news. "I just could not believe it. It never crossed my mind that it would be twins again. I just thought that wouldn't happen to people like me, but I'm ly delighted," she said.   It had been several years since the couple's last children were born. Their oldest twins are 14 and the second set was born just two years later. "I turned 40 and I thought, if I'm going to do it, I should do it now," Karen said. "I spoken to my husband and we both thought we'd quite like another one so that was it and, one month later, I was pregnant."   Colin says the age and gender difference will ensure a sweat-inducing dilemma for any future suitors of the twin girls. It will be a frightening challenge for any boyfriend.
TWO deer jumped out in front of 16-year-old Amanda Floyd's car. She stepped on the brakes . and stopped just in time.   But then she started texting. Distracted , Amanda turned left and right, then crashed into another car.   Luckily she wasn't in a real car. She was in a driving simulator at Roosevelt High School, Ohio, US."I never really realized you swerve that much," Amanda, a junior, said. She added that she doesn't text while driving any more. The Ohio Department of Transportation (ODOT) and State Highway Patrol brought the simulator to the school. They said they wanted to help students learn about the dangers of driving drunk, while texting, or while talking on the phone.   Last year, state authorities reported 39 fatalities , 454 serious injuries and 12,410 crashes caused by distracted driving. Experts said that real numbers are probably higher.   The simulator is basically a computer game. Like many computer games, it was a hit with the students. They lined up and crowded around to watch each other take turns. The simulator has a steering wheel , brake and gas pedals . It is made up of three large computer screens on a table.   Students choose a distraction, for example driving drunk or driving while texting. They always crash, of course. Then they are pulled over by police, and learn the bad results of their driving: how much damage they've caused, what their fine is, if anyone died in the accident, and if they're going to go to prison.   "It teaches how to drive without being on the road," said Shante Thompson, 16. She had just crashed into a deer.   ODOT spokesman Justin Chesnic said hundreds of kids have gone behind the wheel so far. He said even more have benefited from watching their classmates.   "Driving is such a major responsibility, so take it seriously," he said. "Put away your cell phone. Don't put your makeup on. Don't be eating or playing with the radio.   "A lot of the accidents out there are because of distracted driving. It cannot only change your life, but it can change someone else's life forever. The results are serious."MCT
Gymnasts sprint down a runway, which is a maximum of 25 meters in length, before hurdling onto a spring board. The gymnast is allowed to choose where they start on the runway. The body position is maintained while "punching" (blocking using only a shoulder movement) the vaulting platform. The gymnast then rotates to a standing position. In advanced gymnastics, multiple twists and somersaults may be added before landing. Successful vaults depend on the speed of the run, the length of the hurdle, the power the gymnast generates from the legs and shoulder girdle, the kinesthetic awareness in the air, and the speed of rotation in the case of more difficult and complex vaults.   According to FIG rules, only women compete in rhythmic gymnastics. This is a sport that combines elements of ballet, gymnastics, dance, and apparatus manipulation. The sport involves the performance of five separate routines with the use of five apparatus; ball, ribbon, hoop, clubs, rope—on a floor area, with a much greater emphasis on the aesthetic rather than the acrobatic. There are also group routines consisting of 5 gymnasts and 5 apparatuses of their choice. Rhythmic routines are scored out of a possible 30 points; the score for artistry (choreography and music) is averaged with the score for difficulty of the moves and then added to the score for execution.
Charles II (29 May 1630 – 6 February 1685) was king of England, Scotland and Ireland. He was king of Scotland from 1649 until his deposition in 1651, and king of England, Scotland and Ireland from the restoration of the monarchy in 1660 until his death.   Charles II's father, Charles I, was executed at Whitehall on 30 January 1649, at the climax of the English Civil War. Although the Parliament of Scotland proclaimed Charles II king on 5 February 1649, England entered the period known as the English Interregnum or the English Commonwealth, and the country was a "de facto" republic, led by Oliver Cromwell. Cromwell defeated Charles II at the Battle of Worcester on 3 September 1651, and Charles fled to mainland Europe. Cromwell became virtual dictator of England, Scotland and Ireland, and Charles spent the next nine years in exile in France, the Dutch Republic and the Spanish Netherlands. A political crisis that followed the death of Cromwell in 1658 resulted in the restoration of the monarchy, and Charles was invited to return to Britain. On 29 May 1660, his 30th birthday, he was received in London to public acclaim. After 1660, all legal documents were dated as if he had succeeded his father as king in 1649.
Here's what Katie Roche expected when she went into the hospital for spine surgery: two titanium rods, a bone graft, 17 screws in her vertebrae, eight hours in the operating room, and a week's stay in the hospital to recover.   Here's what she didn't expect on top of all that: sharing a hospital room with a feverish 6-year-old and contracting a nasty bacterial infection her mother says nearly killed her.   "She got so weak she couldn't even get out of bed to go to the bathroom -- I had to carry her," says her mother, Kathleen Roche. "For about 48 hours, I didn't think we'd have Katie with us much longer."   Because of the infection she picked up at the hospital, Katie, who was 19 at the time, dropped from 120 to 90 pounds.   The bacterium that made her so sick is called Clostridium difficile, and according to a study out this week, it's more common than ever among hospitalized children in the United States, and children who get it are more likely to die or require surgery.   The study found Clostridium difficile infections in hospitalized children went up 15% per year from 1997, when there were 3,565 infections, to 2006, when there were 7,779 infections.   The study looked at 10.5 million pediatric patients from 1997 to 2006, of whom 21,274, or 0.2%, had C. diff, as the bacteria are commonly called. The study was published this week in the Archives of Pediatric and Adolescent Medicine.   "This is huge, and really concerning," says Dr. Peter Pronovost, director of the Quality and Safety research group at Johns Hopkins University. What's really disturbing, he says, is that these children didn't have to get sick. 
In a televised address Monday night, U.S. President Barack Obama explained the reasons he involved the U.S. military in the U.N.-authorized mission in Libya, saying "it was not in our national interest" to let the citizens of a rebel stronghold suffer a massacre at the hands of approaching pro-government forces.   Obama also said that NATO would take full control of the military mission on Wednesday.   Following is a collection of reactions from people including U.S. politicians and political analysts.   U.S. Sen. John McCain, R-Arizona:   "I think that the first part of his speech was excellent, and he laid out the reasons why it was important to intervene and what would have happened in Benghazi. ... He made a strong case."   "Then ... he made a very puzzling comment, and that was (regime change by force) would be a mistake. Gadhafi must have been comforted by that."   "The president's policy is Gadhafi must go. I think there's a chance, if we keep the pressure on, Gadhafi could be thrown under the bus (by people surrounding him.)"   "It's clear we're on the side of the rebels in this conflict. ... (But) if we tell Gadhafi, 'Don't worry, you're not going to be removed by force,' I think that's very encouraging for Gadhafi."   Fareed Zakaria, host of CNN's "Fareed Zakaria GPS":   "It was actually an important speech. It was quite carefully constructed. It had a humanitarian angle, a strategic angle. But at the heart of what Obama is saying is that there are places in the world where the United States does not have vital national interests, where we have not been attacked, but we have limited interests and we're going to try to find a way to have some kind of limited military response." 
Passage 1 Mobile Phone Madness How much do you love your mobile phone? A Chinese student had to call 110 for help this week after he got his arm stuck in a toilet trying to rescue his mobile phone. After dropping his phone in the toilet, he decided to wrap(,) his arm in newspaper in the hopes of keeping clean. But the newspapers became larger in size in the water, and then even his roommates couldn't help him pull his arm out. So policemen were called and they spent an hour unsticking the stuck student. Passage 2 Crazy Pet Lovers How much do you love your pets? Many people in China are famous for how much they love their pets. They dress them up in fashionable clothing and buy them high quality food. But would they spend 7,000 English pounds (68,000 yuan) on a wedding for their pets? And that's what a couple in Brazil spent on a fancy wedding for their pet Yorkshire terriers( a kind of dog). Passage 3 Oh, rats! When something goes wrong, you can often hear Westerners cry "Oh, rats". But when it comes to Southern China, "Oh, rats!" can mean it's what you want for dinner. According to a report in China Daily, some restaurants in Guangzhou serve rat meat. But, actually, most of those rats are field mice. What would Mickey Mouse say? Passage 4 Liar , liar Here's some news that most women already know. Men tell more lies than women. The London Daily Mail cites a new study that says men tell about three lies a day, while women tell only two lies a day. Men are also less likely to feel guilty about lying, according to this week's survey of 3,000 people by a research organization called One Poll. According to the Poll, lying to our mothers is very popular. But then, so is lying at work. And both men and women will lie when it comes to how much they've drunk. So how easy is it to tell when someone is lying?
Soccer star David Beckham will be there with his pop star wife Victoria. Elton John is attending with partner David Furnish.   The guest list for the April 29 union of Prince William and Kate Middleton is still being kept secret, but details have begun to leak out, with some coming forward to say they are attending and the Mail on Sunday newspaper claiming to have the official invitation roster .   The palace dismissed the newspaper's list as speculation Sunday.   It won't be clear until the day how the royal couple has balanced the protocol demands that they invite statesmen, diplomats, religious leaders, politicians and the like with invitations to the people they really want to see, particularly the crowd they made friends with when they met and fell in love at St. Andrews University in Scotland.   Kate Reardon, editor of high-society magazine Tatler, said many _ Britons acted as if they didn't really care about receiving an invitation while secretly checking the mail every day to see if the invitation had arrived.   "Everyone's been hoping," she said.   William and Middleton have showed their modern side by inviting a number of close friends, including some former sweethearts, the newspaper said.   The wedding is not technically a state event, which somewhat limits the protocol requirements applied to the guest list. But royal obligations still order that a large number of the 1,900 or so seats go to guests from the world of politics, not actual friends of the couple.   The couple have also invited many guests from the charities they work with, and Middleton has used her influence to invite the butcher, shopkeeper and pub owner from her home village of Bucklebury.   President Barack Obama and his wife Michelle were not invited and many other international leaders are also expected to be watching on TV, not from a seat at Westminster Abbey.   It is not clear if treasured Brits from the world of stage and screen and pop music will be on the list.
Not everyone can sit around and daydream while twirling hair or worrying about how they are going to style it for school pictures or a special event. Some kids have no hair at all due to illness. Locks of Love is an organization that helps kids deal with their hair loss by providing real hair wigs from donors.   Jessica Moon, a photo editor, donates her hair whenever she cuts it, waiting each time for it to grow the necessary 10 inches.   "I don't miss my hair at all," Moon said. "And it grows really quickly."   At Locks of Love, the focus is on helping kids who have gone bald and feel embarrassed to go out in public to go on with the activities they normally enjoy. Lauren Kukkamaa, who works for the organization, believes that it is important for kids to live out their lives as normally as possible.   "Many times, a lot of children feel embarrassed by their baldness, " she said. "They have low self-confidence, so they may want to stop playing sports or going to summer camps. When they get the hair wigs, they feel confident to start doing these things again."   "For a donor, I think it's a very personal donation," said Kukkamaa. "You're giving of yourself. If you're looking for a way to get involved and give back, I think it's a great opportunity for someone."   Moon, who first donated her hair when she was 15 after she found out her father had cancer, said donating is a good way to make a difference.   "The best part is that it's helpful for someone and it does make a difference for patients who need the hair," she said.
Macedonia or Macedon was an ancient kingdom on the periphery of Archaic and Classical Greece, and later the dominant state of Hellenistic Greece. The kingdom was founded and initially ruled by the royal Argead dynasty, which was followed by the Antipatrid and Antigonid dynasties. Home to the ancient Macedonians, the earliest kingdom was centered on the northeastern part of the Greek peninsula, and bordered by Epirus to the west, Paeonia to the north, Thrace to the east and Thessaly to the south.   Before the 4th century BC, Macedonia was a small kingdom outside of the area dominated by the great city-states of Athens, Sparta, and Thebes, and briefly subordinate to Achaemenid Persia. During the reign of the Argead king PhilipII (359–336 BC), Macedonia subdued mainland Greece and Thrace through conquest and diplomacy. With a reformed army containing phalanxes wielding the "sarissa" pike, PhilipII defeated the old powers of Athens and Thebes in the Battle of Chaeronea in 338BC; Sparta was occupied a century later by Antigonus III Doson. PhilipII's son Alexander the Great, leading a federation of Greek states, accomplished his father's objective of commanding the whole of Greece when he destroyed Thebes after the city revolted. During Alexander's subsequent campaign of conquest, he overthrew the Achaemenid Empire and conquered territory that stretched as far as the Indus River. For a brief period, his Macedonian empire was the most powerful in the worldthe definitive Hellenistic state, inaugurating the transition to a new period of Ancient Greek civilization. Greek arts and literature flourished in the new conquered lands and advances in philosophy, engineering, and science spread throughout much of the ancient world. Of particular importance were the contributions of Aristotle, tutor to Alexander, whose writings became a keystone of Western philosophy.
Libertarianism (, "freedom") is a collection of political philosophies and movements that uphold liberty as a core principle. Libertarians seek to maximize political freedom and autonomy, emphasizing freedom of choice, voluntary association, individual judgment, and self-ownership.   Libertarians share a skepticism of authority and state power. However, they diverge on the scope of their opposition to existing political and economic systems. Various schools of libertarian thought offer a range of views regarding the legitimate functions of state and private power, often calling to restrict or to dissolve coercive social institutions.   Some libertarians advocate laissez-faire capitalism and strong private property rights, such as in land, infrastructure, and natural resources. Others, notably libertarian socialists, seek to abolish capitalism and private ownership of the means of production in favor of their common or cooperative ownership and management, viewing private property as a barrier to freedom and liberty. An additional line of division is between minarchists and anarchists. While minarchists think that a minimal centralized government is necessary, anarchists and anarcho-capitalists propose to completely eliminate the state.   The first recorded use of the term "libertarian" was in 1789, when William Belsham wrote about libertarianism in the context of metaphysics.   "Libertarian" came to mean an advocate or defender of liberty, especially in the political and social spheres, as early as 1796, when the London Packet printed on 12 February: "Lately marched out of the Prison at Bristol, 450 of the French Libertarians." The word was again used in a political sense in 1802, in a short piece critiquing a poem by "the author of Gebir", and has since been used with this meaning.
Sarah looked up high. She could see the scissors up on top of the cabinet. If she could only reach them, she could cut the gum out of her baby sister's hair and her mom would never know. Her mom was still busy helping her brother take out the trash. Sarah quickly pushed a chair over to the cabinet. She climbed up on the chair and got the scissors. Then she hopped down and put the chair back at the table. Sarah ran to the bathroom and shut the door. While her sister sat on the floor, Sarah cut the gum and a big piece of Sally's hair, and then threw it into the trash.   Sarah put on her dress, then she and Sally headed back to the kitchen for breakfast. Sarah had taken a drink of her chocolate milk when she heard her brother Kyle start to laugh and point at Sally's head. Their mother heard the laugh and turned around to see what was so funny. Sarah began to turn red before their mother even asked what had happened. "I did it," Sarah said in a quiet voice, "I'm sorry, Mom."
Mark Twain, the famous American writer, was traveling in France. Once he was going by train to Dijon. That afternoon he was very tired and wanted to sleep, so he asked the conductor to wake him up when they came to Dijon. But first he explained that he was a very heavy sleeper. "I'll probably protest loudly when you try to wake me up," he said to the conductor, "but do not take any notice, just put me off the train anyway." Then Mark Twain went to sleep. Later, when he woke up, it was night-time and the train was in Paris already. He realized at once that the conductor had forgotten to wake him up at Dijon. He was very angry. He ran up to the conductor and began to shout at him."I have never been so angry in all my life," Mark Twain said. The conductor looked at him calmly. "You are not half so angry as the American whom I put off at Dijon," he said.
As a young man, Tom was a famous artist with a wife and two fine sons. One night, his older son was ill. Tom and his wife thought it was nothing serious. But the boy died suddenly that night.. After his son died, Tom always felt very sad. To make matters worse, his wife also left him later, leaving him alone with his six-year-old younger son, Emie. Sadly, he turned to alcohol for help. As time went by, Tom began to lose everything he had---his land, house, etc. A few months later, Tom passed away alone in a small bar. Hearing of Tom's death, I thought,"What a complete failure!" But later, I began to change my earlier opinion. I knew Tom's now adult son, Emie. He is one of the kindest, most caring men. I saw the love between Emie and his children. And I thought that kindness and caring had to come from somewhere. One day, I asked him what made him become such a specia1 person. Emie said quietly, "My father came into my room every night, give me a kiss and said,"love you, son." Hearing his words, I understood everything. Tom didn't leave many things behind. But he had been a kind loving father, and left behind his best love.
Probably no other musical instrument is as popular as the guitar around the world. Musicians use the guitar for almost all kinds of music. Country and western music would not be the same without a guitar. The traditional Spanish folk music called Flamenco could not exist without a guitar. The sound of American blues music would not be the same without the sad cry of the guitar. And rock and roll music would almost be impossible without this instrument.   Music experts do not agree about where the guitar was first played. Most agree it is ancient. Some experts say an instrument very much like a guitar was played in Egypt more than 1,000 years ago. Most experts say that the ancestor of the modern guitar was brought to Spain from Persia sometime in the 12thcentury. The guitar continued to develop in Spain. In the 1700s it became similar to the instrument we know today.   Many famous musicians played the instrument. The famous Italian violins Niccole Paganism played and wrote music for the guitar in the early 1800s. Franz Schubert used the guitar to write some of his famous works. In modern times Spanish guitarist Andres Segovia helped make the instrument extremely popular.   In the 1930s, Les Paul began experimenting to make an electric guitar. He invented the solid-bodied electric guitar in 1946. The Gibson Guitar Company began producing its famous Les Paul Guitar in 1952. It became a powerful influence on popular music. The instrument has the same shape and the same six strings as the traditional guitar, but it sounds very different. Les Paul produced a series of extremely popular recordings that introduced the public to this music. Listen to this Les Paul recording. It was the fifth most popular song in the United States in 1952. It is called "Meet Mister Callaghan."
Young women are more adventurous than young men when travelling abroad in gap years.One in three female backpackers visits more than three countries during a year out and travels alone, according to new research.   By contrast, the majority of their male counterparts visit only one country and tend to travel in groups, says a survey by the Gap Year company, which provides information and services for students considering taking a year out.   More women than men say that their prime reason for taking time off is to see the world and experience different cultures.Men are more likely to rank "having fun" higher on their list of _ .Women are more likely to value the challenge of a foreign trip, and many cited reasons such as learning a language and meeting new people.   The more adventurous gap years taken by women seem to work to their benefit; more than three quarters of those surveyed have reported increased confidence, self-reliance and independence, whereas only half of the men had that experience.   The research also shows that women are more likely to do voluntary work while travelling, with more than one in ten helping with teaching or development projects.One of the reasons given for this is a wish to see the country in an authentic light.   A greater proportion of women than men face objections or criticism from their families over their gapyear plans.Among the men surveyed, lack of money is the main barrier to travel.   Carolyn Martin, a doctor from London,is a typically confident female traveller.Starting in Cape Town, she travelled around southern Africa and Australia with a string of unusual and sometimes dangerous jobs.   "I had one job chasing elephants off the runway in Africa by banging a stick against a pan," she recalled."It was OK but one day I did get chased by one."   She said that she had travelled alone because "you meet more people".
A senior Palestinian Authority official died Wednesday after a confrontation with Israeli troops, prompting President Mahmoud Abbas to halt security coordination with Israel, according to Palestinian officials.   Ziyad Abu Ein died after clashes with Israeli soldiers midday Wednesday in the Palestinian village of Turmusaya, which is northeast of the West Bank city of Ramallah, longtime chief Palestinian negotiator Saeb Erakat said in a statement. Abu Ein -- a minister in Abbas' Fatah party and head of the Committee to Resist the Wall and Settlements -- was there participating in nonviolent demonstrations to mark international Human Rights Day, according to Erakat's statement.   There were varying reports of exactly how Abu Ein died, including what role -- if any -- Israeli authorities played in it.   Pictures from various news agencies depict an Israeli soldier with his hands to Abu Ein's neck, followed by another showing him on the ground. The official Palestinian news agency WAFA, meanwhile, reported that the Palestinian official lost consciousness after he inhaled tear gas and an Israeli soldier hit him in the chest.   "The Israeli soldiers called Abu Ein by name and seemed to be focused on him," witness Kamal Abu Safaka told CNN. "There was a lot of pushing, kicking and punching by the soldiers. ... When Abu Ein tried to intercede, they hit him on the chest with a rifle butt and grabbed him by the throat and pushed him back and then threw a large amount of tear gas and stun grenades."   Dr. Ahmed Bitawi, the director of the Ramallah hospital that inspected Abu Ein's body, said he died from asphyxiation after choking on vomit brought on by tear gas inhalation. 
Do you want to know something about children in Africa? What to they do for fun every day? Find out here: Education School is expensive for many African children. Lots of families can't afford school uniforms or exercise books even though they don't have to pay for school. For those lucky enough to go to school , they have a lot to learn. Some take two language classes: English or French, and their first language. There is also math, science, history, social studies and geography. _ take up much of children's time after school. They have to get water and firewood for the family every day. Also there's cleaning , washing and helping Mum with the meal. Daily fun It's not all work and no play. Sports are very popular. Children can make goals with twigs ( )and their own footballs with plastic and bits of string ( ). They play in the country and the streets of old towns. There're many football teams for teenagers in Africa. Internet It's really expensive to get on the Internet. To surf the net for 20 hours costs over 600yuan. This is more than the average monthly pay per person. Egypt and South Africa are the top two users of the Internet in Africa. All of the capital cities there can get on the Internet. Some schools offer computer lessons but few students can enjoy computer fun at home.
Zoroastrianism, or more natively Mazdayasna, is one of the world's oldest extant religions, "combining a cosmogonic dualism and eschatological monotheism in a manner unique [...] among the major religions of the world". Ascribed to the teachings of the Iranian prophet Zoroaster (or Zarathustra), it exalts a deity of wisdom, Ahura Mazda ("Wise Lord"), as its Supreme Being. Major features of Zoroastrianism, such as messianism, heaven and hell, and free will have, some believe, influenced other religious systems, including Second Temple Judaism, Gnosticism, Christianity, and Islam.   With possible roots dating back to the second millennium BCE, Zoroastrianism enters recorded history in the 5th-century BCE, and along with a Mithraic Median prototype and a Zurvanist Sassanid successor it served as the state religion of the pre-Islamic Iranian empires from around 600 BCE to 650 CE. Zoroastrianism was suppressed from the 7th century onwards following the Muslim conquest of Persia of 633–654. Recent estimates place the current number of Zoroastrians at around 190000, with most living in India and in Iran and their number is declining. Besides the Zoroastrian diaspora, the older Mithraic faith Yazdânism is still practised amongst Kurds.   The most important texts of the religion are those of the Avesta, which includes the writings of Zoroaster known as the Gathas, enigmatic poems that define the religion's precepts, and the Yasna, the scripture. The full name by which Zoroaster addressed the deity is: Ahura, The Lord Creator, and Mazda, Supremely Wise. The religious philosophy of Zoroaster divided the early Iranian gods of Proto-Indo-Iranian tradition, but focused on responsibility, and did not create a devil per-se. Zoroaster proclaimed that there is only one God, the singularly creative and sustaining force of the Universe, and that human beings are given a right of choice, and because of cause and effect are also responsible for the consequences of their choices. The contesting force to Ahura Mazda was called Angra Mainyu, or angry spirit. Post-Zoroastrian scripture introduced the concept of Ahriman, the Devil, which was effectively a personification of Angra Mainyu.
Spectre (2015) is the twenty-fourth James Bond film produced by Eon Productions. It features Daniel Craig in his fourth performance as James Bond, and Christoph Waltz as Ernst Stavro Blofeld, with the film marking the character's re-introduction into the series. It was directed by Sam Mendes as his second James Bond film following Skyfall, and was written by John Logan, Neal Purvis, Robert Wade and Jez Butterworth. It is distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and Columbia Pictures. With a budget around $245 million, it is the most expensive Bond film and one of the most expensive films ever made.   The story sees Bond pitted against the global criminal organisation Spectre, marking the group's first appearance in an Eon Productions film since 1971's Diamonds Are Forever,[N 2] and tying Craig's series of films together with an overarching storyline. Several recurring James Bond characters, including M, Q and Eve Moneypenny return, with the new additions of Léa Seydoux as Dr. Madeleine Swann, Dave Bautista as Mr. Hinx, Andrew Scott as Max Denbigh and Monica Bellucci as Lucia Sciarra.
Jack is an 11-year-old boy. One day he was playing with a ball. The ball went into the street, and Jack ran for the ball. A car hit him. Jack's parents took him to the hospital. The doctors told them, "Jack's head is hurt. Maybe he will wake up very soon. Maybe he will never wake up." Every day Jack's parents went to see him and talked to him. But Jack never talked to them. He just slept. One day Jack's father said, "Wake up, Jack. Let's go home and play with Cody." Cody is Jack's dog. When Jack's father said "Cody", Jack moved his arm. Then Jack's parents had an idea. They told the nurse, "We want to bring Jack's dog to the hospital. Is it OK?" "A dog in the hospital?" the nurse said. "That's very unusual. But. yes, it's OK." The next day, Jack's parents brought Cody to the hospital. When they put the dog on Jack's bed, Jack opened his eyes. Jack's parents brought Cody to the hospital every day. Cody jumped on Jack's bed and touched Jack's arm. Jack said his first words, "Bad dog!" After seven weeks Jack was well. He left the hospital and went home with Cody.
Steve and Yaser first met in their chemistry class at an American university. Yaser was an international student from Jordan. He wanted to learn more about American culture and hoped that he and Steve would become good friends. At first, Steve seemed very friendly. He always greeted Yaser warmly before class. Sometimes he offered to study with Yaser. He even invited Yaser to have lunch with him. But after the term was over, Steve seemed distant. The two former classmates didn't see each other very often at school. One day Yaser decided to call Steve. Steve didn't seem very interested in talking to him. Yaser was hurt by Steve's change of attitude. "Steve said we were friends," Yaser complained, "and I thought friends were friends forever." Yaser was a little confused.   As a foreigner, he doesn't understand the way Americans view friendship. Americans use the word "friend" in a very general way. They may call both casual acquaintances(;) and close companions "friends". These friendships are based on common interests. When the shared activity ends, the friendship may fade . Now as Steve and Yaser are no longer classmates, their "friendship" has changed. In some cultures friendship means a strong lifelong bond between two people. In these cultures friendships develop slowly, since they are built to last. American society is one of rapid change. Studies show that one out five American families moves every year. American friendships develop quickly, and _ may change just quickly as well. People from the United States may at first seem friendly. Americans often chat easily with strangers. But American friendliness is not always an offer of true friendship. After an experience like Yaser's , people who've been in this country for only a few months may consider Americans to be fickle . Learning how Americans view friendship can help non-Americans avoid misunderstandings. It can also help them make friends in the American way.
The BPI (British Recorded Music Industry) Limited, commonly known as the British Phonographic Industry or BPI, is the British recorded music industry's trade association.   Its membership comprises hundreds of music companies including all three "major" record companies in the UK (Warner Music UK, Sony Music Entertainment, and Universal Music Group), and hundreds of independent music labels and small to medium-sized music businesses.   It has represented the interests of British record companies since being formally incorporated in 1973 when the principal aim was to promote British music and fight copyright infringement.   In 2007, the association's legal name was changed from British Phonographic Industry Limited (The).   It founded the annual BRIT Awards for the British music industry in 1977, and, later, The Classic BRIT Awards. The organizing company, BRIT Awards Limited, is a fully owned subsidiary of the BPI. Proceeds from both shows go to the BRIT Trust, the charitable arm of the BPI that has donated almost £15m to charitable causes nationwide since its foundation in 1989. In September 2013, the BPI presented the first ever BRITs Icon Award to Sir Elton John. The BPI also endorsed the launch of the Mercury Prize for the Album of the Year in 1992.   The recorded music industry's Certified Awards program, which attributes Platinum, Gold and Silver status to singles, albums and music videos (Platinum and Gold only) based on their sales performance (see BPI Certified Awards program), has been administered by the BPI since its inception in 1973. In September 2008, the BPI became one of the founding members of UK Music, an umbrella organisation representing the interests of all parts of the industry.
Hyderabad (i/ˈhaɪdərəˌbæd/ HY-dər-ə-bad; often /ˈhaɪdrəˌbæd/) is the capital of the southern Indian state of Telangana and de jure capital of Andhra Pradesh.[A] Occupying 650 square kilometres (250 sq mi) along the banks of the Musi River, it has a population of about 6.7 million and a metropolitan population of about 7.75 million, making it the fourth most populous city and sixth most populous urban agglomeration in India. At an average altitude of 542 metres (1,778 ft), much of Hyderabad is situated on hilly terrain around artificial lakes, including Hussain Sagar—predating the city's founding—north of the city centre.   Established in 1591 by Muhammad Quli Qutb Shah, Hyderabad remained under the rule of the Qutb Shahi dynasty for nearly a century before the Mughals captured the region. In 1724, Mughal viceroy Asif Jah I declared his sovereignty and created his own dynasty, known as the Nizams of Hyderabad. The Nizam's dominions became a princely state during the British Raj, and remained so for 150 years, with the city serving as its capital. The Nizami influence can still be seen in the culture of the Hyderabadi Muslims. The city continued as the capital of Hyderabad State after it was brought into the Indian Union in 1948, and became the capital of Andhra Pradesh after the States Reorganisation Act, 1956. Since 1956, Rashtrapati Nilayam in the city has been the winter office of the President of India. In 2014, the newly formed state of Telangana split from Andhra Pradesh and the city became joint capital of the two states, a transitional arrangement scheduled to end by 2025.
Modern-day Nigeria has been the site of numerous kingdoms and tribal states over the millennia. The modern state originated from British colonial rule beginning in the 19th century, and the merging of the Southern Nigeria Protectorate and Northern Nigeria Protectorate in 1914. The British set up administrative and legal structures whilst practising indirect rule through traditional chiefdoms. Nigeria became a formally independent federation in 1960, and plunged into a civil war from 1967 to 1970. It has since alternated between democratically-elected civilian governments and military dictatorships, until it achieved a stable democracy in 1999, with its 2011 presidential elections being viewed as the first to be conducted reasonably freely and fairly.   Nigeria is often referred to as the "Giant of Africa", owing to its large population and economy. With approximately 182 million inhabitants, Nigeria is the most populous country in Africa and the seventh most populous country in the world. Nigeria has one of the largest populations of youth in the world. The country is viewed as a multinational state, as it is inhabited by over 500 ethnic groups, of which the three largest are the Hausa, Igbo and Yoruba; these ethnic groups speak over 500 different languages, and are identified with wide variety of cultures. The official language is English. Nigeria is divided roughly in half between Christians, who live mostly in the southern part of the country, and Muslims in the northern part. A minority of the population practise religions indigenous to Nigeria, such as those native to Igbo and Yoruba peoples.
Johnny wakes up early this morning. He is so happy. Today Daddy is taking him to the aquarium. Johnny wants to see blue fish, red fish, yellow fish, and green fish. He also wants to see really big fish.   Daddy and Johnny are at the aquarium.   "Look!" Johnny says. "There's a big red fish!" The fish swims away. A small yellow fish swims up to the glass and looks at Johnny.   "A yellow fish!" says Johnny, "He's tiny."   Lots of blue fish swim by behind the yellow fish.   "Look at all of those blue fish!" says Johnny. "They stay together."   Daddy points at a long fish and says "That one is as big as me!"   Johnny laughs. He still wants to find a green fish. He sees a lot of fish, but none of them are green.   "Daddy, I can't find a green fish. I want to see a green fish."   Daddy laughs. "Let's go to the next window and look."   Johnny looks through the next window and sees lots of fish, but none of them are green fish.   "I still don't see any green fish," says Johnny.   "Look there," Daddy tells him. Johnny sees a green sea turtle! It's a lot bigger than a fish.   After looking at all the fish, Daddy and Johnny go home again.
Yale University Press is a university press associated with Yale University. It was founded in 1908 by George Parmly Day, and became an official department of Yale University in 1961, but it remains financially and operationally autonomous.   , Yale University Press published approximately 300 new hardcover and 150 new paperback books annually and has more than 6,000 books in print. Its books have won five National Book Awards, two National Book Critics Circle Awards and eight Pulitzer Prizes.   The press co-owns the distributor TriLiteral LLC with MIT Press and Harvard University Press.   Since its inception in 1919, the Yale Series of Younger Poets Competition has published the first collection of poetry by new poets. The first winner was Howard Buck; the 2011 winner was Katherine Larson.   Yale University Press and Yale Repertory Theatre jointly sponsor the Yale Drama Series, a playwriting competition. The winner of the annual competition is awarded the David C. Horn Prize of $10,000, publication of his/her manuscript by Yale University Press, and a staged reading at Yale Rep. The Yale Drama Series and David C. Horn Prize are funded by the David Charles Horn Foundation.   In 2007, Yale University Press acquired the Anchor Bible Series, a collection of more than 115 volumes of biblical scholarship, from the Doubleday Publishing Group. New and backlist titles are now published under the Anchor Yale Bible Series name.
Ramayana, originally titled as Kaavyam Ramayanam Kritsnam Sitaayaas Charitham Mahat, is an ancient Indian epic poem which narrates the struggle of the divine prince Rama to rescue his wife Sita from the demon king Ravana. Along with the Mahabharata, it forms the Sanskrit Itihasa.   The epic, traditionally ascribed to the Hindu sage Valmiki, narrates the life of Rama, the legendary prince of the Kosala Kingdom. It follows his banishment from the kingdom by his father King Dasharatha, his travels across forests in India with his wife Sita and brother Lakshmana, the kidnapping of his wife by Ravana, the demon king of Lanka, resulting in a war with him, and Rama's eventual return to Ayodhya to be crowned king.   The "Ramayana" is one of the largest ancient epics in world literature. It consists of nearly 24,000 verses (mostly set in the Shloka meter), divided into seven Kandas (books) and about 500 sargas (chapters). In Hindu tradition, it is considered to be the "adi-kavya" (first poem). It depicts the duties of relationships, portraying ideal characters like the ideal father, the ideal servant, the ideal brother, the ideal wife and the ideal king. "Ramayana" was an important influence on later Sanskrit poetry and Hindu life and culture. Like "Mahabharata", "Ramayana" is not just a story: it presents the teachings of ancient Hindu sages in narrative allegory, interspersing philosophical and ethical elements. The characters Rama, Sita, Lakshmana, Bharata, Hanuman, Shatrughna, and Ravana are all fundamental to the cultural consciousness of India, Nepal, Sri Lanka and south-east Asian countries such as Thailand, Cambodia, Malaysia and Indonesia.
Below are reviews for three books and two book series. Each has been read and loved by students across the country.   The Outsiders   This book, first published in 1967. has become a classic for teens across the nation. It focuses on Ponyboy , who has been labeled all his life as a greaser. The greaser's opposing group is the " socs ". kids who have lots of money and can break any rules without getting in trouble. As the novel develops, S. E. Hinton allows the reader to see exactly how these labels affect teens in both the greaser and the soc group.   If you've ever watched the movie The Outsiders, this story may sound familiar, as the movie was based on the book . The Outsiders gives teens a look into life in the 50's and 60's, offering timeless lessons that still apply to today's youth.   Out of the Dust   Any student interested in the Great Depression and the Dust Bowl should read Out of the Dust by Karen Hesse. Hesse is able to capture the mood and spirit of this era through the use of poetry. The main character of the book, Billie Jo, is growing up in Oklahoma, the heart of the Dust Bowl. Through free verse poetry, Billie Jo narrates her tale of poverty and survival during this difficult time.   Out of the Dust is an excellent lesson in history . Due to the short length and writing style, the book is a quick but worthwhile read. By the end of the book, the reader is eager to start the story over again . Hesse is able to pack a lot of emotions and details into her short book , making the story very real and believable.   The Giver   The Giver depicts a perfect society in which citizens experience no pain, have never felt fear, and life is completely under control. However, as the reader progresses through the story, it's easy to see that this community is far from utopia . Instead, through the experiences felt by the main character Jonas, the reader learns there is a missing from life in this world..   During the Ceremony of the Twelves, each 12--year --old is assigned their life --long career in the community . Jonas is chosen to be the Receiver of Memories, a very special job assigned to one person at a time . When Jonas receives his training . he learns many truths about his community that change how he feels about his life, making him determined to do something to change it .   The Giver is a good book for teens who enjoy science fiction and fantasy. The book makes you examine your own life, values, and beliefs, striving to find how you would define the perfect society.   Anne of Green Gables   This eight-book series depicts the life of Anne Shirley, an orphan that is adopted in Prince Edward Island, Canada . The books are set in the 1800s to the 1900s, the last one taking place during World War I. Anne is a loveable spirit who has many misfortunes and laughable experiences when growing up and going to college.   The Anne of Green Gables series is fun to read. creating a strong attachment to the reader and making the last book a bitter -sweet experience. Teenage girls who are looking for a female role model will love Anne Shirley.   Harry Potter   J. K. Rowling's Harry Potter series has sold more copies than any other series in history. The series , which includes seven books in all , fallows a boy wizard named Harry Potter.   Harry attends Hogwarts School of Witcheraft and Wizardy. The seven books follow Harry through seven years of wizarding school . During this time , readers experience the wizarding world through Harry's eyes and watch him make friends. Learn magic and fight a wizard.   The Harry Potter books are an enchanting read for all ages. No matter who you are. you will find yourself absorbed in the magical world created by J. K. Rowling.
It's a number that even astrophysicist Neil deGrasse Tyson is having a hard time wrapping his brilliant mind around.   His Christmas Day tweet commemorating the birthday of Isaac Newton was retweeted more than 69,000 times as of this writing, making it the most popular of his Twitter career so far -- and, arguably, his most controversial.   "On this day long ago, a child was born who, by age 30, would transform the world. Happy Birthday Isaac Newton b. Dec 25, 1642," the StarTalk host tweeted.   He followed it up with a nod to the commercialization of Christmas: "Merry Christmas to all. A Pagan holiday (BC) becomes a Religious holiday (AD). Which then becomes a Shopping holiday (USA)." By then, he was on a roll. Earlier in the day, he tweeted, "QUESTION: This year, what do all the world's Muslims and Jews call December 25th? ANSWER: Thursday."   His comments drew criticism and name-calling from various corners of the internet. "Overly reductive, deliberately cynical and unnecessarily provocative," one person said on Twitter.   Another accused him of "trolling Christmas today to show you how smart he is."   Tyson's response to the controversy? "Imagine a world in which we are all enlightened by objective truths rather than offended by them."   Later Friday, Tyson pondered "My Most Retweeted Tweet" in a Facebook post. He did not defend or disavow his comments. Instead, in true scientific form, he attempted to quantify their popularity compared to previous tweets.   "My sense in this case is that the high rate of re-tweeting, is not to share my enthusiasm of this fact, but is driven by accusations that the tweet is somehow anti-Christian," he wrote. "If a person actually wanted to express anti-Christian sentiment, my guess is that alerting people of Isaac Newton's birthday would appear nowhere on the list." 
Attorney General Eric Holder is not entirely ruling out a scenario under which a drone strike would be ordered against Americans on U.S. soil, but says it has never been done previously and he could only see it being considered in an extraordinary circumstance.   He began to winnow the list of those possible extraordinary circumstances Wednesday. In testimony Wednesday before the Senate Judiciary Committee, Sen. Ted Cruz, R-Texas, pressed Holder whether he believed it would be constitutional to target an American terror suspect "sitting at a cafe" if the suspect didn't pose an imminent threat.   "No," Holder replied.   But he also said the government has no intention of carrying out drone strikes inside the United States. Echoing what he said in a letter to U.S. Sen. Rand Paul, R-Kentucky, he called the possibility of domestic drone strikes "entirely hypothetical."   That letter, released Tuesday, was prompted by questions raised over the nomination of John Brennan to head the CIA. Specifically, members of the Senate Intelligence Committee sought the Obama administration's legal rationale for its use of drones to kill terror suspects overseas.   But Sen. Rand Paul, a Kentucky Republican who has said he would do what he could to hold up Brennan's nomination until he got a full answer to his query, wanted to know whether the administration considered that policy applicable domestically.   Holder: Drone strike against Americans in the U.S. possible   In a letter to Paul dated on Monday, Holder said it was possible, "I suppose," to imagine an "extraordinary circumstance in which it would be necessary and appropriate" under U.S. law for the president to authorize the military to "use lethal force" within the United States. 
One day when Jack was walking in the park, he saw a woman, who lived a few miles away, sitting on a bench with a dog beside her. The dog was looking up at the woman. Jack walked up to the woman and said, "Hello, Sue, how are you? May I sit and talk with you for a while?" "Of course, please sit down," Sue said. Jack sat down next to Sue on the bench, and they talked quietly together. The dog continued to look up at Sue, as if waiting to be fed. "That's a nice dog, isn't he?" Jack said, pointing at the animal. "Yes, he is. He's handsome. He's a bit of a mixture , but that's not a bad thing. He's strong and healthy." "And hungry," Jack said. "He hasn't taken his eyes off you. He thinks you've got some food for him." "That's true," Sue said. "But I haven't." They both laughed and then Jack said, "Does your dog bite?" "No," Sue said, "He's never bitten anyone. He's always gentle and friendly." Hearing this, Jack decided to hold out his hand and touched the animal's head. Suddenly it jumped up and bit him. "Hey!" Jack shouted. "You said your dog didn't bite." Sue answered in surprise, "Yeah, I did. But this is not my dog. Mine's at home."
England international defender Ashley Cole turned goal scorer as his late winner at Stamford Bridge Saturday gave Chelsea a 1-0 win over Stoke City to stay top of the English Premier League.   Cole was finding the net for the first time in over two years and he left it until the 85th minute, set up by a brilliant pass by Spain's Juan Mata.   His team had been made to struggle by the battling visitors and looked set for a fourth game without a win in all competitions before the full back's late intervention.   "I had a few shots in the first half and took too much time on the ball with them, but this time, the first thing that came into my brain was to dink it and I just did it," Cole said.   "It is mentally good to get a lead in the league table."   Fernando Torres scuffed Chelsea's best chance but Stoke might have gone ahead in the first half when a Jonathan Walters' header hit the crossbar.   The striker was also subjected to a strong challenge late in the game from Chelsea defender David Luiz, which left the Brazilian lucky to escape a straight red card.   Luiz, who signed from Benfica last year, sealed a new five-year contract with the Blues later Saturday, extending his deal to 2017.   "It is a great club and I look forward to winning more trophies here. I want to play for a long time at the top level -- which is what playing for Chelsea means," he told the club's official website. 
A June trial has been set for a Detroit-area man who said he accidentally shot and killed a 19-year-old woman he thought was breaking into his home.   Theodore Paul Wafer, 54, pleaded not guilty at his arraignment Wednesday to second-degree murder charges in connection with the November 2, 2013 shooting of Renisha McBride. Authorities said McBride was intoxicated and possibly disoriented following a car crash before Wafer shot her on his porch in the community of Dearborn Heights.   The trial was set for June 2.   Last month, District Court Judge David Turfe said there was enough probable cause for Wafer to stand trial in connection with the shooting.   "Defendant came to the door with the shotgun," Turfe said, according to CNN Michigan affiliate WXYZ. "His first thought was to bring the gun, not call for help, or not answer the door. It suggests to this court, the defendant made a bad choice."   A friend of McBride told the court that she and the victim had been playing a drinking game with vodka and smoking marijuana the night of the shooting.   Wafer, whose lawyer said he shot the victim in self-defense, was charged with second-degree murder last month after days of pressure from McBride's relatives seeking an arrest.   He also was charged with manslaughter and possession of a firearm in the commission of a felony.   Wafer told investigators he thought McBride was breaking into his home, and that the shotgun accidentally discharged when he investigated, police said.   McBride was unarmed and there was no evidence of a break-in, so Wafer -- who authorities say shot McBride from behind a closed, locked screen door -- cannot lawfully claim he needed to shoot her to stop an imminent threat of death or great bodily harm, Wayne County Prosecutor Kym Worthy told reporters in November. 
Jeanne Cooper, who played Katherine Chancellor, the "Dame of Genoa City," on "The Young and the Restless," has died. She was 84.   Her death was confirmed by her son, actor Corbin Bernsen, on his Twitter account.   "Mom passed this morning," Bernsen posted. "She was in peace and without fear."   Cooper had been suffering from an undisclosed illness. The cause of death was not given.   Cooper was already a well-established TV actress when she took the role of Chancellor in 1973. "The Young and the Restless" was struggling in the ratings and its creator, William J. Bell, wanted to spice things up.   "Jeanne was the matriarch of the show in every sense of the word," said Lauralee Bell, Christine/Cricket on "The Young and the Restless" and William Bell's daughter.   "When you did work you were proud of, you'd hope for approval or a 'good job' from Jeanne as a child would from a parent. When things got too tense, she'd break the tension with her amazing wit. She would teach the younger actors without ever talking down to them. In fact, she would raise them up," said Bell. "She always had my back and my parents (and our whole family) always had hers."   Kate Linder, another member of "The Young and the Restless" cast, said Cooper was her "mentor and an amazing actress and friend." Linder, Esther Valentine on the show, said, "When Jeanne welcomed you into her life, you knew it and it was a fantastic feeling. This is truly the end of an era, not just for fans of 'The Young and the Restless' but for all of the people she touched throughout her long and distinguished career and life." 
Wednesday night's CNN debate lands at a critical moment in the Republican race.   This season, each debate has set the tone for the primary to follow. Newt Gingrich's savaging of the media helped propel him to victory in South Carolina. Mitt Romney's savaging of Gingrich helped him to clinch Florida. The current uncertainty about the race, and the extraordinary elasticity in the polls, is partly due to the fact that we haven't had a debate for a whole month.   It's important, then, for each of the candidates to make a powerful impression in this last confrontation before Arizona and Michigan vote on February 28. Rick Santorum and Newt Gingrich will compete over who is the most conservative, and Ron Paul will push his unique brand of libertarianism. Same old, same old. But we might see something new from Mitt Romney: a glimmer of humanity.   The latest CNN/Time/ORC International Poll shows that Santorum is closing the gap on Romney in Arizona, but it's probably in Michigan that he stands the best chance of scoring an upset. A week ago, polls put Santorum as much as 10 points ahead in the Great Lakes State. But now they call it a statistical dead heat between him and Romney.   So it would serve Santorum well to hit Mitt hard in the debate. This is Rick's natural style -- he gets a thrill out of counting the flaws of his opponents. But Santorum also probably recognizes that the only way he'll win Michigan is by reminding voters of the doubts that they have about Romney's conservatism. That's what he's been doing in the western part of the state all this week, where he has hit out repeatedly at Romney's "well-oiled weathervane" stance on issues like abortion and Iran. 
Lynn was a young French Canadian girl who grew up in the farming community. At the age of l6, her father thought that she had enough schooling and forced her to drop out of school to contribute to the family income. In l922, with limited education and skills, the future didn't look bright for Lynn. Her father demanded that Lynn find a job as soon as possible, but she didn't have the confidence to ask for a job.   One day, Lynn gathered her courage and knocked on her very first door. She was met by Margaret Costello, the office manager. In her broken English, Lynn told her she was interested in the secretarial position. Margaret decided to give her a chance.   Margaret sat her down at a typewriter and said, "Lynn, let's see how good you really are." She directed Lynn to type a single letter, and then left. Lynn looked at the clock and saw that it was 11:40 a.m. Everyone would be leaving for lunch at noon. She thought she should at least attempt the letter.   On her first try, she got through one line but made four mistakes. She pulled the paper out and threw it away. The clock now read 11:45. "At noon," she said to herself, "I'll move out with the crowd, and they will never see me again."   On her second attempt, things didn't get any better. Again she started over and finally completed the letter, full of mistakes, though. She looked at the clock: 11:55--five minutes to freedom.   Just then, Margaret walked in. She came directly over to Lynn, and put one hand on the desk and the other on the girl's shoulder. She read the letter and paused. Then she said, "Lynn, you're doing good work!"   Lynn was surprised. She looked at the letter, then up at Margaret. With those simple words of encouragement, her desire to escape disappeared and her confidence began to grow. She thought, "Well, if she thinks it's good, then it must be good. I think I'll stay!"   Lynn did stay at Carhartt Overall Company...for 51 years, through two world wars and 11 presidents--all because _ had the insight to give a shy and uncertain young girl the gift of self-confidence when she knocked on the door.
Long long ago, the colours of the world started to quarrel. Green said, "Clearly I am the most important. I am the sign of life and hope. Without me, all animals would die." Blue said, "You only think about the earth instead of the sky and the sea. Without my peace, you would all be nothing. " Yellow laughed, "You are all so serious. I bring fun and warmth into the world. " Orange shouted, "1 am the colour of health and strength. I am the most important for I serve the needs of people' s life. " Red shouted out, "I am the most important of all. I am the colour of danger, bravery and love. I am brave to fight for truth. " Then Purple and Indigo came... The colours went on quarrelling, each saying he or she was the most important. Their quarrelling became louder and louder. Suddenly it thundered and rained hard. The colours felt so frightened that they stopped quarrelling and got together for comfort . At this time, rain began to speak, "You foolish colours, quarrelling among yourselves, each tried to be the most important. You don' t know that you each were made for a special purpose? Join hands with each other and come to me. " Doing as they were told, the colours united and joined hands. They formed a colourful rainbow. From then on, when a good rain washes the world, a rainbow appears in the sky. They begin to appreciate each other.
An Englishman was showing a foreign visitor around London. "What's that strange building?" asked the visitor. "That's the Tower of London." "I see. How long did it take to build it?" "About 500 years." "In my country we can build it in five months," Shortly after that they came to St. Paul's Cathedral . "Very interesting!" said the visitor. "How long did it take to build it ?" "Near forty years." said the Englishman. "In my country we can finish it in forty days at most," said the visitor. This went on all day. They visited most of the best known buildings in the city. Every time they saw a new one, the visitor asked what it was and how long it took to build it. Then he said that they could do the same thing much faster in his country. At last the Englishman got angry with the visitor though he tried not to show it. Several days later they came to the House of Parliament and the visitor asked his usual question, "What is that?" The Englishman answered, " I have no idea. It wasn't there last night."
Bagpipers sounded "Amazing Grace" on a snowy day at a Utah cemetery as military pallbearers marched to rest the casket of Pfc. Aaron Thomas Nemelka, one of 13 people gunned down last week in Ford Hood, Texas.   A throng of mourners arrived for the funeral service at a Mormon church in West Jordan, and then solemnly witnessed the burial of the 19-year-old combat engineer set for deployment in Afghanistan.   One of six of the Fort Hood victims laid to rest across the country on Saturday, Nemelka was buried at the Utah Veterans Memorial Park, south of Bluffdale.   American flags flapped in the freezing wind and a soldier played "Taps" amid a graveside huddle of military comrades, veterans, family members and Patriot Guard Riders, the motorcycle group that honors slain troops.   "This one is a little bit hard to understand," said Utah Gov. Gary Herbert, who spoke to reporters after the church service.   He said Nemelka's death is particularly hard to accept because of the circumstances.   Authorities say Maj. Nidal Malik Hasan, a U.S. Army psychiatrist, opened fire at a military processing center at Fort Hood on November 5, killing 13 people. Hasan, who was seriously wounded in the incident, was charged with 13 counts of premeditated murder -- charges that make him eligible for the death penalty.   Nemelka graduated from high school in 2008 and enlisted the same year, and then was ready to deploy to Afghanistan in January.   The youngest of four children, Nemelka loved his work as a combat engineer and was being trained to defuse bombs, according to a report in Salt Lake City's Deseret News posted on the Nemelka family Web page. He had been assigned to the 510th Engineer Company, 20th Engineer Battalion in Fort Hood. 
Coral Polge is a person who has provided comfort to thousands. She has a remarkable talent which may prove the survival of the human spirit after death, for Coral is a medium who draws the portraits of spirits who contact her.   Coral, whose parents were spiritualists, was brought up in Harrow, North London, where she attended a local spiritualist church. She studied art at the local college, where she specialized in textile design. Even though, at the time, she wasn't very good at drawing portraits, she met a medium who told her she would be a psychic artist.   She doesn't actually see the dead nor are her hands controlled by the spirits; instead she 'feels' them coming through. Early in her career she drew the portraits of 'spirit guides' from whom she had received help. These portraits of guides, who included Red Indians, nuns and monks, were remarkable, yet could have been attributed to the working of a strong imagination. She also drew portraits by holding on to letters that had been written by people who had since died.   Coral says, 'I know exactly what to draw without thinking about it. It's involuntary, like breathing or walking.' Not only are her portraits a good likeness but she sketches her subjects in clothes they would have worn in life.   Coral has displayed her talent at public meetings around the world. At one gathering there was a woman whose grandfather had just died. Her name was Phyllis Timms. Coral made a sketch of a man who had a long moustache and Phyllis recognized the man as her grandfather. However, she was reluctant to acknowledge the portrait without extra proof. Coral then said that the colour green was a link with the man whom she had drawn. Mrs Timms, whose maiden name had been Green, understood the significance of the comment and claimed the portrait.   There are some people for whom this is evidence of survival from beyond the grave. Others, who have their reservations, may put it down to an extraordinary kind of extrasensory perception . Whatever the reason, it remains a gift impossible to explain away and we should try to keep an open mind.
In a career spanning more than four decades, Spielberg's films have covered many themes and genres. Spielberg's early science-fiction and adventure films were seen as archetypes of modern Hollywood blockbuster filmmaking. In later years, his films began addressing humanistic issues such as the Holocaust (in Schindler's List), the transatlantic slave trade (in Amistad), war (in Empire of the Sun, Saving Private Ryan, War Horse and Bridge of Spies) and terrorism (in Munich). His other films include Close Encounters of the Third Kind, the Indiana Jones film series, and A.I. Artificial Intelligence.   Spielberg was born in Cincinnati, Ohio, to an Orthodox Jewish family. His mother, Leah (Adler) Posner (born 1920), was a restaurateur and concert pianist, and his father, Arnold Spielberg (born 1917), was an electrical engineer involved in the development of computers. His paternal grandparents were immigrants from Ukraine who settled in Cincinnati in the first decade of the 1900s. In 1950, his family moved to Haddon Township, New Jersey when his father took a job with RCA. Three years later, the family moved to Phoenix, Arizona.:548 Spielberg attended Hebrew school from 1953 to 1957, in classes taught by Rabbi Albert L. Lewis.
Alice needs some money for a Mother's Day present. She tells her father about her problem. "I'll pay you to do some housework. You can clean up the yard ," her father says. "You can also wash my car and Mum's. Both of them need to be washed because they're really dirty." Alice works on the yard and washes her father's car. "Too bad! You didn't have time to wash Mum's car," Dad says when he pays her. The next morning Alice wakes up early. First she washes her mother's car. Then she goes to the flower shop. She also buys her mother's favourite bread on her way home. After breakfast Alice asks her mother to go to the garage . She opens the gate. "Wow!" Alice's mother says. "My car is _ ." "Open the door," Alice says. Alice's mother opens the door. There on the seat she sees a bunch of flowers. "Happy Mother's Day!" Alice says.
Lyon ( or ; , ; ), also known as "Lyons" , is a city in east-central France, in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region, about from Paris, from Marseille and from Saint-Étienne. Inhabitants of the city are called "Lyonnais".   Lyon had a population of 506,615 in 2014 and is France's third-largest city after Paris and Marseille. Lyon is the capital of the Metropolis of Lyon and the region of Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes. The metropolitan area of Lyon had a population of 2,237,676 in 2013, the second-largest in France after Paris.   The city is known for its cuisine and gastronomy and historical and architectural landmarks and is a UNESCO World Heritage Site. Lyon was historically an important area for the production and weaving of silk.   Lyon played a significant role in the history of cinema: it is where Auguste and Louis Lumière invented the cinematographe. It is also known for its light festival, the Fête des Lumières, which begins every 8 December and lasts for four days, earning Lyon the title of Capital of Lights.   Economically, Lyon is a major centre for banking, as well as for the chemical, pharmaceutical, and biotech industries. The city contains a significant software industry with a particular focus on video games, and in recent years has fostered a growing local start-up sector. Lyon hosts the international headquarters of Interpol, Euronews, and International Agency for Research on Cancer. Lyon was ranked 19th globally and second in France for innovation in 2014. It ranked second in France and 39th globally in Mercer's 2015 liveability rankings.
"Which meal do we all need most, breakfast, lunch or dinner?" Miss Baker asks. Boys and girls wave their hands in the air. They know the answer. "What do you think, Jim?" Miss Baker asks. "Dinner," Jim answers. "Dinner is the big meal of the day," says Miss Baker. "But I don't think we need it most." Tom puts up his hands. " Do we need lunch most?" "No," says Miss Baker. "We need breakfast most." "Why is this so?" "From night to morning is a long time to go without food," says Ann. "That's right," says Miss Baker. "We need food every morning. What may happen to us if we have no breakfast?" The students have many answers to give. "We may feel hungry." "We may not feel like working." "We may feel sick." "Yes, you are right," says Miss Baker. "Now let's talk about what makes a good breakfast. Give me your answers. I will write them on the blackboard."
Andorra, officially the Principality of Andorra (), also called the Principality of the Valleys of Andorra (), is a sovereign landlocked microstate in Southwestern Europe, located in the eastern Pyrenees mountains and bordered by Spain and France. Created under a charter in 988, the present principality was formed in 1278. It is known as a principality as it is a diarchy headed by two Co-Princesthe Catholic Bishop of Urgell in Spain, and the President of France.   Andorra is the sixth-smallest nation in Europe, having an area of 468 km (181 sq mi) and a population of approximately . Andorra is the 16th-smallest country in the world by land and 11th-smallest country by population. Its capital Andorra la Vella is the highest capital city in Europe, at an elevation of above sea level. The official language is Catalan, although Spanish, Portuguese, and French are also commonly spoken.   Andorra's tourism services an estimated 10.2 million visitors annually. It is not a member of the European Union, but the euro is the official currency. It has been a member of the United Nations since 1993. In 2013, the people of Andorra had the highest life expectancy in the world at 81 years, according to "The Lancet".
The city of Yangzhou came into being at the Spring and Autumn Period ( about 500 AC ). As the key transportation link at joint place of the Great Canal ( Beijing-Hangzhou) and Changjiang (Yangtze River), Yangzhou has been from the Sui Dynasty (600 AD.) an economically rich city, and then reached its top in the Tang Dynasty. At that time Yangzhou was a famous port and one of few biggest cities in East Asia. With the improvement of the local economy and easy transportation way, there happened in the history a special local culture, which has an important place in Chinese culture. Many famous men of letters, poets, artists, scholars , statesmen, scientists and national heroes in the history were born in, lived in or had connection with Yangzhou. Li Bai, one of the greatest Chinese poets visited and stayed in Yangzhou several times in his life and one of his famous poems about Yangzhou has been so popular that Chinese of all ages can sing it and has become a symbol of Yangzhou . Zheng Banqiao, a famous Chinese painting painter in the Qing Dynasty heading a group called "Eight Eccentrics", had strongly influenced Chinese paintings. Wang Zhong and Yuan Yuan and some other scholars formed school of Yangzhou Scholars and achieved great success in the study of classic Chinese and writing. Zhu Ziqing, one of most famous modern Chinese writers and scholars, had always been proud of himself as a native of Yangzhou and thanked the city for being nourished by its rich culture. Quite a few other names you may come across frequently in the study of Chinese culture and history have connection with Yangzhou . Yangzhou was so attractive and important that many Chinese emperors in history had come specially to visit or check the city. Emperor Suiyang, who ordered to cut the Great Canal so that he could come more easily and quickly, died on his last trip to the city and buried here. Emperor Qianlong had come all the way from the north and visited the city nine times.
Helsinki is the capital and largest city of Finland. It is in the region of Uusimaa, in southern Finland, on the shore of the Gulf of Finland. Helsinki has a population of , an urban population of , and a metropolitan population of over 1.4 million, making it the most populous municipality and urban area in Finland. Helsinki is some north of Tallinn, Estonia, east of Stockholm, Sweden, and west of Saint Petersburg, Russia. Helsinki has close historical connections with these three cities.   The Helsinki metropolitan area includes the urban core of Helsinki, Espoo, Vantaa, Kauniainen, and surrounding commuter towns. It is the world's northernmost metro area of over one million people, and the city is the northernmost capital of an EU member state. The Helsinki metropolitan area is the third largest metropolitan area in the Nordic countries after Stockholm and Copenhagen, and the City of Helsinki is the third largest after Stockholm and Oslo. Helsinki is Finland's major political, educational, financial, cultural, and research center as well as one of northern Europe's major cities. Approximately 75% of foreign companies that operate in Finland have settled in the Helsinki region. The nearby municipality of Vantaa is the location of Helsinki Airport, with frequent service to various destinations in Europe and Asia.
Satire is a genre of literature, and sometimes graphic and performing arts, in which vices, follies, abuses, and shortcomings are held up to ridicule, ideally with the intent of shaming individuals, corporations, government, or society itself into improvement. Although satire is usually meant to be humorous, its greater purpose is often constructive social criticism, using wit to draw attention to both particular and wider issues in society.   A feature of satire is strong irony or sarcasm—"in satire, irony is militant"—but parody, burlesque, exaggeration, juxtaposition, comparison, analogy, and double entendre are all frequently used in satirical speech and writing. This "militant" irony or sarcasm often professes to approve of (or at least accept as natural) the very things the satirist wishes to attack.   Satire is nowadays found in many artistic forms of expression, including internet memes, literature, plays, commentary, television shows, and media such as lyrics.   The word satire comes from the Latin word "satur" and the subsequent phrase "." "Satur" meant "full" but the juxtaposition with "lanx" shifted the meaning to "miscellany or medley": the expression "lanx satura" literally means "a full dish of various kinds of fruits."   The word "satura" as used by Quintilian, however, was used to denote only Roman verse satire, a strict genre that imposed hexameter form, a narrower genre than what would be later intended as "satire". Quintilian famously said that "satura," that is a satire in hexameter verses, was a literary genre of wholly Roman origin ("satura tota nostra est"). He was aware of and commented on Greek satire, but at the time did not label it as such, although today the origin of satire is considered to be Aristophanes' Old Comedy. The first critic to use the term "satire" in the modern broader sense was Apuleius.
Pragmatism is a philosophical tradition that began in the United States around 1870. Its origins are often attributed to the philosophers William James, John Dewey, and Charles Sanders Peirce. Peirce later described it in his pragmatic maxim: "Consider the practical effects of the objects of your conception. Then, your conception of those effects is the whole of your conception of the object."   Pragmatism considers thought an instrument or tool for prediction, problem solving and action, and rejects the idea that the function of thought is to describe, represent, or mirror reality. Pragmatists contend that most philosophical topics—such as the nature of knowledge, language, concepts, meaning, belief, and science—are all best viewed in terms of their practical uses and successes. The philosophy of pragmatism "emphasizes the practical application of ideas by acting on them to actually test them in human experiences". Pragmatism focuses on a "changing universe rather than an unchanging one as the Idealists, Realists and Thomists had claimed".   Pragmatism as a philosophical movement began in the United States in the 1870s. Charles Sanders Peirce (and his Pragmatic Maxim) is given credit for its development, along with later twentieth century contributors, William James and John Dewey. Its direction was determined by The Metaphysical Club members Charles Sanders Peirce, William James, and Chauncey Wright, as well as John Dewey and George Herbert Mead.
110 is a cartridge-based film format used in still photography. It was introduced by Kodak in 1972. 110 is essentially a miniaturised version of Kodak's earlier 126 film format. Each frame is , with one registration hole. There were 24 frames per cartridge that occasionally enabled the user to capture an extra image due to production variations.   The film is fully housed in a plastic cartridge, which also registers the image when the film is advanced. There is a continuous backing paper, and the frame number and film type are visible through a window at the rear of the cartridge. The film does not need to be rewound and is very simple to load and unload. It is pre-exposed with frame lines and numbers, a feature intended to make it easier and more efficient for photofinishers to print.   Unlike later competing formats, such as disc and APS film, processed 110 negatives were returned in strips, without the original cartridge. The 110 cartridge was introduced by Kodak in 1972 with Kodak Pocket Instamatic cameras. The new pocket-sized cameras became immediately popular, and soon displaced competing subminiature cameras, such as the Minolta 16 series, from the market. The 110 film width is 16 mm. A four frame strip measures 111 mm.
Legends about the development of coffee are varied and interesting, involving chance occurrences, political tricks, and the pursuit of wealth and power.   According to one story, a sheepherder named Kaldi, as he tended his sheep, noticed the effect of coffee beans. He noticed that the sheep became excited after eating the red "cherries" from a certain plant when they changed pastures . He tried it himself, and was soon as overactive as his sheep. Another story relates that a monk happened to discover that this fruit from the shiny green plant could help him stay awake.   Another legend gives us the name for coffee, "mocha". Omar, an Arabian was thrown to the desert with his followers to die of starvation. In desperation, Omar had his friends boil and eat the fruit from an unknown plant. Not only did the soup save the group, but the residents of the nearest town, Mocha, took their survival as a religious sign. The plant and its beverage were named Mocha to honor this event.   Coffee was introduced much later to countries beyond Arabia, whose inhabitants believed it to be a tasty thing and guarded its secret as if they were top secret military plans. The government forbade transportation of the plant out of the Moslem nations. The actual spread of coffee was started illegally. One Arab named Baba Budan smuggled beans to some mountains near Mysore, India, and started a farm there. Early in this century, some of those original plants were found still growing fruitfully in the region.   Coffee today is grown and enjoyed worldwide, and is one of the few crops that small farmers in third-world countries can profitably export.
Eastern Europe is the eastern part of the European continent. There is no consensus on the precise area it covers, partly because the term has a wide range of geopolitical, geographical, cultural, and socioeconomic connotations. There are "almost as many definitions of Eastern Europe as there are scholars of the region". A related United Nations paper adds that "every assessment of spatial identities is essentially a social and cultural construct".   One definition describes Eastern Europe as a cultural entity: the region lying in Europe with the main characteristics consisting of Greek, Byzantine, Eastern Orthodox, Russian , and some Ottoman culture influences. Another definition was created during the Cold War and used more or less synonymously with the term "Eastern Bloc". A similar definition names the formerly communist European states outside the Soviet Union as Eastern Europe. Some historians and social scientists view such definitions as outdated or relegated, but they are still sometimes used for statistical purposes.   Several other definitions of Eastern Europe exist today, but they often lack precision, are too general or outdated. These definitions vary both across cultures and among experts, even political scientists, as the term has a wide range of geopolitical, geographical, cultural, and socioeconomic connotations.
Index Medicus (IM) is a curated subset of MEDLINE, which is a bibliographic database of life science and biomedical science information, principally scientific journal articles. From 1879 to 2004, "Index Medicus" was a comprehensive bibliographic index of such articles in the form of a print index or (in later years) its onscreen equivalent. It was begun by John Shaw Billings, head of the Library of the Surgeon General's Office, United States Army. This library later evolved into the United States National Library of Medicine (NLM). In the 1960s, the NLM began the indexing work by creating MEDLARS, a bibliographic database, which became MEDLINE. "Index Medicus" thus became the print presentation of the MEDLINE database's content, which users accessed usually by visiting a library which subscribed to "Index Medicus" (for example, a university scientist at the university library). It continued in this role through the 1980s and 1990s, while various electronic presentations of MEDLINE's content also evolved, first with proprietary online services (accessed mostly at libraries) and later with CD-ROMs, then with Entrez and PubMed. As users gradually migrated from print to online use, "Index Medicus" print subscriptions dwindled. During the 1990s, the dissemination of home internet connections, the launch of the Web and web browsers, and the launch of PubMed greatly accelerated the shift of online access to MEDLINE from something one did at the library to something one did anywhere. This dissemination, along with the superior usability of search compared with use of a print index in serving the user's purpose (which is to distill relevant subsets of information from a vast superset), caused the use of MEDLINE's print output, "Index Medicus", to drop precipitously. In 2004, print publication ceased. Today, "Index Medicus" and "Abridged Index Medicus" still exist conceptually as content curation services that curate MEDLINE content into search subsets or database views (in other words, subsets of MEDLINE records from some journals but not others). This filters search results with a view toward excluding poor-quality articles (such as by excluding junk journals), which is often helpful depending on the needs of the user.
Sony Music Entertainment Inc. (sometimes known as Sony Music or by the initials, SME) is an American music corporation managed and operated by Sony Corporation of America (SCA), a subsidiary of Japanese conglomerate Sony Corporation. In 1929, the enterprise was first founded as American Record Corporation (ARC) and, in 1938, was renamed Columbia Recording Corporation, following ARC's acquisition by CBS. In 1966, the company was reorganized to become CBS Records. In 1987, Sony Corporation of Japan bought the company, and in 1991, renamed it SME. It is the world's second largest recorded music company, after Universal Music Group.   In 2004, SME and Bertelsmann Music Group merged as Sony BMG Music Entertainment. When Sony acquired BMG's half of the conglomerate in 2008, Sony BMG reverted to the SME name. The buyout led to the dissolution of BMG, which then relaunched as BMG Rights Management. Out of the "Big Three" record companies, with Universal Music Group being the largest and Warner Music Group, SME is middle-sized.
"We looked at ports in Europe. We looked at street signs. Things on the menu."   In the end, comedian Kevin Nealon and his wife decided to name their son Gable. As in Clark Gable. They simply liked the sound of it, and most people will agree it's far better than Helsinki, 43rd Avenue or Never Ending Pasta Bowl.   This was 4Â½ years ago, but the former "Saturday Night Live" star still loves to talk about his son. In 2009, he even published a book about becoming a first-time dad called "Yes, You're Pregnant, But What About Me?"   "We finally got the pacifier away from him," Nealon says of Gable. "And now we're potty training him. It would've been easier to get the pacifier away from him if we taught him how to pee on it."   Nealon describes himself as a hands-on father but admits, "It's because I don't work that much."   In that sense, he sort of sounds like his character, Doug Wilson, on Showtime's "Weeds," a pot-smoking, former CPA-drifter with a pretty much nonexistent moral compass. However, as you'll see and hear in our recent video interview, Nealon and Doug Wilson are really nothing alike.   "I have a lot of hobbies, and I have a lot of friends," he says. "And I'm not so insecure as Doug."   They have even greater differences, but everyone still loves Doug. For all his faults and failures, fans just can't get enough of the self-centered, shamed city councilman of fictional Agrestic, and he has become, perhaps, Nealon's most beloved character on TV. This, from the man who spent a decade on "SNL," "entertaining viewers with Hans and Franz and Mr. Subliminal. 
Mirth Pham was born in Vietnam. He left his native country when he was 21 years old. Minh has been in America for almost two years. There is still much he does not understand about America.   Once Minh was in a supermarket. He saw an old man and an old woman. They wanted a box of cereal .The box was on a high shelf. The man and the woman couldn't reach it. Minh saw a ladder. He got on the ladder and got the box. He handed it to the elderly couple. They thanked him.   "Where are your children?" asked Minh. "Why don' t they help you buy food?"   "Our children have their own lives," said the man and the woman. "We like to be independent." Mirth doesn't think this is right. In his country, .children help their parents. Minh gave the elderly couple his phone number. He told them to call him if they needed help. One night they asked Mirth to dinner, but they never asked him for help.   One day, Minh was walking with a Vietnamese friend. The two were going to a movie. Minh wanted to go to a restaurant first. Minh took his friend's hand. He pulled him toward the restaurant. People on the street stared at Minh. In Vietnam, friends often hold hands. Minh found out that people in America are not used to holding hands.   Minh Pham is going through a process known as re-socialization. Socialization is the process in which a person learns to live in a society. Everyone goes through this process. Minh went through it when he lived in Vietnam. But the Vietnamese way of life is much different from the American way of life. When Mirth came to America, he had to learn a new way of life. He had to learn how to live in a new society.   Minh has learned a lot about American life in two years. He still has a lot to learn. The process of re-socialization can take many years.
(CNN)After weeks of controversy and the sudden departures of two co-hosts, "Fashion Police" is going on an extended break.   The fashion commentary show on E! channel announced Tuesday that it will be on hiatus until September.   "We look forward to taking this opportunity to refresh the show before the next awards season," it said in a statement.   The announcement caps a rocky few months.   Last week, co-host Kathy Griffin bid the show bye-bye after seven episodes, saying her style did not blend in with her co-hosts. She made a dig at the show on her way out.   "There is plenty to make fun of in pop culture without bringing people's bodies into it," she said in a statement. "I do not want to use my comedy to contribute to a culture of unattainable perfectionism and intolerance towards difference."   Shortly before her departure, co-host Giuliana Rancic faced backlash last month for suggesting that Disney star Zendaya Coleman's dreadlocks smelled of marijuana.   Rancic later issued an on-air apology to the 18-year-old after social media jumped to the teen's defense.   But her apology was not enough for co-host Kelly Osbourne, who criticized her remarks and quit a few days later.   Rancic and fellow co-host Brad Goreski will return in September, along with executive producer Melissa Rivers.   
The International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) is an international organization that seeks to promote the peaceful use of nuclear energy, and to inhibit its use for any military purpose, including nuclear weapons. The IAEA was established as an autonomous organisation on 29 July 1957. Though established independently of the United Nations through its own international treaty, the IAEA Statute, the IAEA reports to both the United Nations General Assembly and Security Council.   The IAEA has its headquarters in Vienna. The IAEA has two "Regional Safeguards Offices" which are located in Toronto, Canada, and in Tokyo, Japan. The IAEA also has two liaison offices which are located in New York City, United States, and in Geneva, Switzerland. In addition, the IAEA has three laboratories located in Vienna and Seibersdorf, Austria, and in Monaco.   The IAEA serves as an intergovernmental forum for scientific and technical co-operation in the peaceful use of nuclear technology and nuclear power worldwide. The programs of the IAEA encourage the development of the peaceful applications of nuclear technology, provide international safeguards against misuse of nuclear technology and nuclear materials, and promote nuclear safety (including radiation protection) and nuclear security standards and their implementation.   The IAEA and its former Director General, Mohamed ElBaradei, were jointly awarded the Nobel Peace Prize on 7 October 2005. The IAEA's current Director General is Yukiya Amano.
Their thumbs sure must be sore. Two central prefix = st1 /Pennsylvaniafriends spent most of March in a text - messaging record attempt, exchanging a thumbs-flying total of 217,000. For one of the two, that meant an inches-thick itemized bill for $ 26,000. Nick Andes, 29, and Doug Klinger, 30, were relying on their unlimited text messaging plans to get them through the escapade , so Andes didn't expect such a big bill. " It came in a box that cost $ 27.55 to send to me." he said. He said he "panicked" and called T-Mobile, which said it would investigate the charges. The two Lancaster-area residents have been practically non-stop texters for about a decade since they attended Berks Technical Institute together. That led Andes to searching for the largest monthly text message total he could find posted online: 182,000 sent in 2005 by Deepak Sharma in India. Andes and Klinger were able to set up their phones to send multiple messages. During a February test run they found they could send 6,000 or 7,000 messages on some days, prompting the March messaging marathon. " Most were either short phrases or one word, 'LOL' or 'Hello', things like that , with tons and tons of repeats," said Andes, reached by phone. Andes sent more than 140,000 messages, and Klinger sent more than 70,000 to end the month with a total of just over 217,000, he said. A spokesman for Guinness World Records didn't immediately return messages asking whether it would be certified as a record. April came as a relief to Andes' wife , Julie, who had found his phone tied up with texting when she tried to call him on lunch breaks. " She was tired of it the first few days into it, "Andes said.
This is VOA. The National Cryptologic Museum is on Fort George G. Meade, a military base near Washington, DC. The method of hiding exact meanings is called coding. People have used secret codes throughout history to protect important information. The National Cryptologic Museum celebrated 60 years of cryptologic excellence in 2012. One event there marked the sixtieth anniversary of the National Security Agency. Two former NSA workers shared their memories of operating a code machine called Sigaba.   In 1940, an American woman named Genevieve Grotjan found some information being repeated in Japanese coded messages. Her discovery helped the United States understand secret Japanese diplomatic messages. After the United States understood the code, it was possible to study messages from the Japanese ambassador to Germany and to his supervisors in Japan.   Understanding these messages helped the United States prepare for a possible war in the Pacific with Japan. After the attack on Pearl Harbor. the American naval commander in the Pacific Ocean was Chester Nimitz. His forces were much smaller than the Japanese Naval forces. And the Japanese had been winning many victories. Joseph Rochefort had worked for several months to read the secret Japanese Naval code called JN-25. If he could understand enough of the code, he would be able to give Admiral Nimitz very valuable information.   From the beginning of 1942, the Japanese code discussed a place called "AF." Joseph Rochefort felt the Japanese were planning an important battle aimed at "AF." After several weeks, he and other naval experts told Admiral Nimitz that their best idea was that the "AF" in the Japanese code was the American-held island of Midway. Admiral Nimitz said he must have more information to prepare for such an attack.   The Navy experts decided to trick Japan. They told the American military force on Midway to broadcast a false message. The message would say the island was having problems with its water-processing equipment. The message asked that fresh water be sent to the island immediately. This message was not sent in code.   Several days later, a Japanese radio broadcast in the JN-25 code said that "AF" had little water. Joseph Rochefort had the evidence he needed. "AF" was now known to be the island of Midway. He also told Admiral Nimitz the Japanese would attack Midway on June 13.The battle that followed was a huge American victory. That victory was possible because Joseph Rochefort learned to read enough of the Japanese code to discover the meaning of the letters "AF."   One American code has never been broken. Perhaps it never will. It was used in the Pacific during World War Two. For many years the government would not discuss this secret code. Listen for a moment to this very unusual code. Then you may understand why the Japanese military forces were never able to understand any of it.   The code is in the voice of a Native American. The man you just heard is singing a simple song in the Navajo language. Very few people outside the Navajo nation are able to speak any of their very difficult language.   At the beginning of World War Two, the United States Marine Corps asked members of the Navajo tribe to train as Code Talkers.   The Cryptologic Museum says the Marine Corps Code Talkers could take a sentence in English and change it into their language in about 20 seconds. A code machine needed about 30 minutes to do the same work.   The Navajo Code Talkers took part in every battle the Marines entered in the Pacific during World War Two. The Japanese were very skilled at breaking codes. But they were never able to understand any of what they called "The Marine Code."   The Cryptologic Museum has many pieces of mechanical and electric equipment used to change words into code. It also has almost as many examples of machines used to try to change code back into useful words.
Mitt Romney is rumored to be announcing a choice soon for his vice presidential running mate, and conventional thinking suggests his pick is going to be "safe," someone who brings a high measure of conservative street cred, and preferably from a swing state.   In other words, the rumor is the guy who has trouble getting people to like him is going to pick someone even more boring than him.   It seems he hasn't figured out that as long as Barack Obama is president, his base will be fired up in spite of his dull personality, so what he doesn't need to do is waste this pick on a running mate Republicans will like.   What he needs is someone who can attract voters on the fence.    A media darling with a successful track record to point to and someone whose social politics won't immediately get them labeled by independents as "crazy."   Romney risks playing running mate hand too early   Enter Michael Bloomberg: that union-fighting/gay-couple-loving renegade who would make things complicated for Democrats because he's managed to get elected three times in the most diverse region in the country while being a rich, old white guy.   Four years ago, Sen. John McCain selected a game changer who turned out to be better in theory than in practice. Like Sarah Palin, Bloomberg would be a curve ball. But while she got people talking, the New York mayor would get people talking and thinking.   How?   By being something many of the other VP options are not: a real Republican. An old school Republican. 
Do you want to know something about children in Africa? What to they do for fun every day? Find out here: Education School is expensive for many African children. Lots of families can't afford school uniforms or exercise books even though they don't have to pay for school. For those lucky enough to go to school , they have a lot to learn. Some take two language classes: English or French, and their first language. There is also math, science, history, social studies and geography. _ take up much of children's time after school. They have to get water and firewood for the family every day. Also there's cleaning , washing and helping Mum with the meal. Daily fun It's not all work and no play. Sports are very popular. Children can make goals with twigs ( )and their own footballs with plastic and bits of string ( ). They play in the country and the streets of old towns. There're many football teams for teenagers in Africa. Internet It's really expensive to get on the Internet. To surf the net for 20 hours costs over 600yuan. This is more than the average monthly pay per person. Egypt and South Africa are the top two users of the Internet in Africa. All of the capital cities there can get on the Internet. Some schools offer computer lessons but few students can enjoy computer fun at home.
A vernacular or vernacular language is the native language or native dialect (usually colloquial or informal) of a specific population, especially as distinguished from a literary, national or standard variety of the language, or a lingua franca (also called a vehicular language) used in the region or state inhabited by that population. Some linguists use "vernacular" and "nonstandard dialect" as synonyms.   The use of "vernacular" is not recent. In 1688, James Howell wrote:   Concerning Italy, doubtless there were divers before the Latin did spread all over that Country; the Calabrian, and Apulian spoke Greek, whereof some Relicks are to be found to this day; but it was an adventitious, no Mother-Language to them: 'tis confess'd that Latium it self, and all the Territories about Rome, had the Latin for its maternal and common first vernacular Tongue; but Tuscany and Liguria had others quite discrepant, viz. the Hetruscane and Mesapian, whereof though there be some Records yet extant; yet there are none alive that can understand them: The Oscan, the Sabin and Tusculan, are thought to be but Dialects to these.   Here vernacular, mother language and dialect are already in use in a modern sense. According to Merriam-Webster, "vernacular" was brought into the English language as early as 1601 from the Latin "vernaculus" ("native") which had been in figurative use in Classical Latin as "national" and "domestic", having originally been derived from "vernus" and "verna", a male or female slave respectively born in the house rather than abroad. The figurative meaning was broadened from the diminutive extended words "vernaculus, vernacula". Varro, the classical Latin grammarian, used the term "vocabula vernacula", "termes de la langue nationale" or "vocabulary of the national language" as opposed to foreign words.
Jenny wanted to encourage students to read more famous books, so she decided to put an introduction to some interesting children's story books in the school newspaper. The Little Prince (<<>> is a famous work written by French writer Antoine de Saint-Exupery. In the book, the little prince leaves his own planet to explore the universe . In his journey, he finds that the adult world is really strange and boring. Finally, he goes back to his planet which is full of love. The book is really popular throughout the world. Charlotte's Web (<<>> is a famous children's novel written by American author E. B. White. The novel tells the story of a pig named Wilbur and his friendship with a spider named Charlotte on a farm. When Wilbur is in danger of being killed for his meat by the farmer, Charlotte writes messages to _ Wilbur in her web and saves him. Wilbur becomes famous in the village and he is safe in the end. When it came out in 1952, the book was welcomed by both adults and children. And it is still very popular today. The Miraculous Journey of Edward Tulane (<<>> is a 2006 novel written by Kate DiCamillo. The book is about an unusual journey of a china rabbit named Edward Tulane. He travels from one place to another, meeting many people. During his journey, he learns to love and finally finds love again. This book is popular nowadays and was mentioned many times in the famous South Korean TV series My love from the Star (<<>> . The warm and sweet story will surely make you understand more about love.
Svalbard (; prior to 1925 known by its Dutch name Spitsbergen, meaning "jagged mountains") is a Norwegian archipelago in the Arctic Ocean. Situated north of mainland Europe, it is about midway between continental Norway and the North Pole. The islands of the group range from 74° to 81° north latitude, and from 10° to 35° east longitude. The largest island is Spitsbergen, followed by Nordaustlandet and Edgeøya.   Administratively, the archipelago is not part of any Norwegian county, but forms an unincorporated area administered by a governor appointed by the Norwegian government. Since 2002, Svalbard's main settlement, Longyearbyen, has had an elected local government, somewhat similar to mainland municipalities. Other settlements include the Russian mining community of Barentsburg, the research station of Ny-Ålesund, and the mining outpost of Sveagruva. Ny-Ålesund is the northernmost settlement in the world with a permanent civilian population. Other settlements are farther north, but are populated only by rotating groups of researchers.   The islands were first taken into use as a whaling base in the 17th and 18th centuries, after which they were abandoned. Coal mining started at the beginning of the 20th century, and several permanent communities were established. The Svalbard Treaty of 1920 recognizes Norwegian sovereignty, and the 1925 Svalbard Act made Svalbard a full part of the Kingdom of Norway. They also established Svalbard as a free economic zone and a demilitarized zone. The Norwegian Store Norske and the Russian Arktikugol remain the only mining companies in place. Research and tourism have become important supplementary industries, with the University Centre in Svalbard (UNIS) and the Svalbard Global Seed Vault playing critical roles. No roads connect the settlements; instead snowmobiles, aircraft and boats serve inter-community transport. Svalbard Airport, Longyear serves as the main gateway.
Jane's doll, Samantha, was a magical doll. Jane kept Samantha hidden from her friends, even Julie, who was her best friend. Jane didn't want all the other girls from school, like Wanda and Ruth, to find out that she had a magical doll. Samantha could do things other dolls couldn't. Jane would whisper in her ear a secret word, and all of a sudden Samantha would come to life, hopping around, running all over. But Samantha did more than run, she could talk. Jane told Samantha everything, and Samantha understood. One day, Jane was naughty and lied to her mother. Jane's mother put Samantha on top of the refrigerator where Jane could not get to her. Jane was very sad. The one person she told everything to was out of her reach. The next day, Jane had one of the worst days of her life. She needed to tell someone, but Julie wasn't around. She needed Samantha. She had no ladder, chair, or stool to reach her. Julie moved the kitchen table forward towards the refrigerator, and hopped on top. She started to climb up to reach for Samantha, and grabbed her quickly. She came down, dropping Samantha on the floor, and broke Samantha. Jane whispered the secret word, but Samantha didn't awake. Samantha's powers were gone. She couldn't walk, run, talk, or listen. Jane hurt her the one person she could trust the most. Then, Samantha moved, looked at Jane, and a tear came from her eye. Samantha's eyes closed, and she was without life. She cried no more.
There once was a lion who did not roar, but instead he said meow. The lion was sad, because he could not roar like his other lion friends. The lion went to talk to his family. He first went to talk to his brother, but his brother was not home. Then he went to talk to his dad, but his dad was not home either. Luckily, the lion's sister was home. He asked his sister why he thought he could not roar. His sister said they need to go talk to their friend the squirrel. The squirrel lived in a tree with a nice door mat outside. The squirrel said to the lion if he wanted to start to roar instead of meow, then he need to run faster than the other lion's. So the next day, the lion played a game, in which he ran faster than all the other lions. Now, the lion roars and doesn't meow.
Elizabeth Freeman was born about 1742 to African American parents who were slaves. At the age of six months she was acquired, along with her sister, by John Ashley, a wealthy Massachusetts slaveholders. She became known as "Mumbet" or "Mum Bett."   For nearly 30 years Mumbet served the Ashley family. One day, Ashley's wife tried to strike Mumbet's sister with a spade. Mumbet protected her sister and took the blow instead. Furious, she left the house and refused to come back. When the Ashleys tried to make her return, Mumbet consulted a lawyer, Theodore Sedgewick. With his help, Mumbet sued for her freedom.   While serving the Ashleys, Mumbet had listened to many discussions of the new Massachusetts constitution. If the constitution said that all people were free and equal, then she thought it should apply to her. Eventually, Mumbet won her freedom---- the first slave in Massachusetts to do so under the new constitution.   Strangely enough, after the trial, the Ashleys asked Mumbet to come back and work for them as a paid employee. She declined and instead went to work for Segdewick. Mumbet died in 1829, but her legacy lived on in her many descendants . One of her great-grandchildren was W.E.B. Du Bois, one of the founder of the NAACP, and an important writer and spokesperson for African American civil rights.   Mumbet's tombstone still stands in the Massachusetts cemetery where she was buried. It reads, in part: "She was born a slave and remained a slave and remained a slave for nearly thirty years. She could neither read nor write, yet in her own sphere she had no superior or equal."
William Shakespeare is the most famous playwright . Although he died in 1616, people still go to see his plays. Among the most popular are Romeo and Juliet, A Midsummer Night's Dream and Hamlet -- the story of a prince who struggles to respond to the crimes around him. Shakespeare, who was born in 1564, was an actor as well as a writer. Most of his ideas for plays were taken from history, people's conversation, ancient stories, and also from other writers. He wrote not only about kings and queens and princes, but also about friends and ordinary people. He wrote about the cruelty of war and the bravery of heroes, as well as about jealousy, joy, hate, ambition and love. His stories live on. The tragedy Romeo and Juliet was reborn as the musical West Side Story and more recently as the movie Romeo and Juliet with the wonderful performance of Leonardo DiCaprio and Claire Danes. He invented a number of great characters: powerful magicians, thrilling witches, smart women and both wise and wicked men. He also invented some great phrases. If you've ever said, "Oh, for goodness sake!" you can thank Shakespeare for that. "To be, or not to be: that is the question," Hamlet says. "Good night, good night. Parting is such sweet sorrow, that I shall say good night till it is morrow," says Juliet to her Romeo. Don't be surprised if you don't understand everything when reading Shakespeare or watching one of his plays because the meanings of many words have changed over the years. And Shakespeare's characters speak in poetry, so their speeches can be complicated. It does help to find out a little bit about the story before reading a Shakespeare play. It's worth the effort. As Shakespeare wrote, "All the world is a stage." And in his plays you'll find that an entire world is waiting for you.
Manganese is a chemical element with symbol Mn and atomic number 25. It is not found as a free element in nature; it is often found in minerals in combination with iron. Manganese is a metal with important industrial metal alloy uses, particularly in stainless steels.   Historically, manganese is named for pyrolusite and other black minerals from the region of Magnesia in Greece, which also gave its name to magnesium and the iron ore magnetite. By the mid-18th century, Swedish chemist Carl Wilhelm Scheele had used pyrolusite to produce chlorine. Scheele and others were aware that pyrolusite (now known to be manganese dioxide) contained a new element, but they were unable to isolate it. Johan Gottlieb Gahn was the first to isolate an impure sample of manganese metal in 1774, which he did by reducing the dioxide with carbon.   Manganese phosphating is used for rust and corrosion prevention on steel. Ionized manganese is used industrially as pigments of various colors, which depend on the oxidation state of the ions. The permanganates of alkali and alkaline earth metals are powerful oxidizers. Manganese dioxide is used as the cathode (electron acceptor) material in zinc-carbon and alkaline batteries.   In biology, manganese(II) ions function as cofactors for a large variety of enzymes with many functions. Manganese enzymes are particularly essential in detoxification of superoxide free radicals in organisms that must deal with elemental oxygen. Manganese also functions in the oxygen-evolving complex of photosynthetic plants. While the element is a required trace mineral for all known living organisms, it also acts as a neurotoxin in larger amounts. Especially through inhalation, it can cause manganism, a condition in mammals leading to neurological damage that is sometimes irreversible.
Capital punishment, also known as the death penalty, is a government sanctioned practice whereby a person is put to death by the state as a punishment for a crime. The sentence that someone be punished in such a manner is referred to as a death sentence, whereas the act of carrying out the sentence is known as an execution. Crimes that are punishable by death are known as capital crimes or capital offences, and they commonly include offences such as murder, treason, espionage, war crimes, crimes against humanity and genocide. Etymologically, the term "capital" (lit. "of the head", derived via the Latin "capitalis" from "caput", "head") in this context alluded to execution by beheading.   Fifty-six countries retain capital punishment, 103 countries have completely abolished it "de jure" for all crimes, six have abolished it for ordinary crimes (while maintaining it for special circumstances such as war crimes), and 30 are abolitionist in practice.   Capital punishment is a matter of active controversy in various countries and states, and positions can vary within a single political ideology or cultural region. In the European Union, Article 2 of the Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union prohibits the use of capital punishment. Also, the Council of Europe, which has 47 member states, prohibits the use of the death penalty by its members.
Bob Dylan is being investigated on suspicion of inciting hatred in Paris over comments he made in Rolling Stone magazine, French prosecutors said Tuesday.   An organization representing Croatians in France pressed charges against Dylan for allegedly comparing the conflict between Croatians and Serbs to the Nazis' persecution of Jews in an interview last year for the French edition of Rolling Stone.   "If you got a slave master or Klan in your blood, blacks can sense that. That stuff lingers to this day. Just like Jews can sense Nazi blood and the Serbs can sense Croatian blood," the influential singer-songwriter was quoted as saying.   While a Croatian group has said Dylan was referencing the violence that came with the breakup of Yugoslavia in the 1990s, it's unclear whether the long-outspoken musician was referring to Yugoslavia or the crimes committed when the Ustasha ruled Croatia during World War II.   The Paris prosecutor's office said Dylan was placed under formal investigation last month by the Paris Main Court for "public injury" and "incitement to hatred."   Vlatko Maric, secretary general of the Representative Council of the Croatian Community and Institutions, told CNN his organization had brought the case almost a year ago.   Explaining the council's decision to pursue the case against Dylan, Maric said the artist's remarks in Rolling Stone were of a "rare violence" that had deeply shocked people from a nation still wounded by the conflict of the 1990s.   "An entire people is being compared to criminal organizations" like the Nazis or the Ku Klux Klan, he said. "The Croatians are peaceful people who respect Bob Dylan as an artist, but we must remind him that he can't make such remarks. 
Jimmy loved watching television. He would wake up and watch Cartoons on Cartoon Network. His favorite cartoon was Scooby Doo. After his mom picked him up at the bus stop, he would go home and watch the Flintstones. One day, his mom told him he was not allowed to watch cartoons after school. He was very sad. She told him he had to go outside to play. He walked into the backyard. Fido was running around. He started to chase him. He picked up a ball and threw it. Fido ran after it and brought it back. Jimmy laughed. He chased after Fido and scratched his back. Maybe being outside wasn't so bad after all! He played with Fido for another hour until his mom called him inside. It was dinner time. Dinner was fried chicken and mashed potatoes-his favorite. He was happy his mom made him go outside. He would go outside every day after school now!
A small boy named John was at the park one day. He was swinging on the swings and his Tim friend played on the slide. John wanted to play on the slide now. John asked Tim if he could play on the slide. Tim said no. John was very upset and started crying. A girl named Susan saw him crying. Susan told the teacher Ms. Tammy. Ms. Tammy came over and told John that they could both take turns on the slide. John and Tim were OK with this. They both took turns on the slide. They all lived happily ever after.
The International Date Line (IDL) is an imaginary line of navigation on the surface of the Earth that runs from the North Pole to the South Pole and demarcates the change of one calendar day to the next. It passes through the middle of the Pacific Ocean, roughly following the 180° line of longitude but deviating to pass around some territories and island groups.   The IDL is roughly based on the meridian of 180° longitude, roughly down the middle of the Pacific Ocean, and halfway around the world from the Greenwich meridian. In many places, the IDL follows the 180° meridian exactly. In other places, however, the IDL deviates east or west away from that meridian. These various deviations generally accommodate the political and/or economic affiliations of the affected areas.   Proceeding from north to south, the first deviation of the IDL from 180° is to pass to the east of Wrangel Island and the Chukchi Peninsula, the easternmost part of Russian Siberia. (Wrangel Island lies directly on the meridian at 71°32′N 180°0′E, also noted as 71°32′N 180°0′W.) It then passes through the Bering Strait between the Diomede Islands at a distance of from each island at 168°58′37″ W. It then bends considerably west of 180°, passing west of St. Lawrence Island and St. Matthew Island.
Jayne Fisher watched anxiously as her 17-year-old daughter Katie pulled her lamb into the Madison County Junior Livestock for sale.   Katie was battling cancer. This was her first chance in months to be outdoors having fun, away from hospitals and treatments, and she had come with high hopes for earning some money for her treatment. She had _ a little on her decision to part with the lamb, but with lamb averaging two dollars a pound, Katie was looking forward to it. So the bidding(began.   That's when Roger Wilson, the auctioneer , had a sudden inspiration that brought some unexpected results. "We sort of let everybody here know that Katie had a situation that wasn't too pleasant," is how he tells it. He hoped that his introduction would push the bidding up, at least a little bit.   Well, the lamb sold for $11.50 a pound, but things didn't stop there. The buyer paid up, then decided to give the lamb back so that it could be sold again.   That started a chain reaction, with families buying the animal and giving it back, over and over again. When local businesses started buying and returning, the earnings really began to pile up. The first sale is the only one Katie's mom remembers. After that, she was crying too hard as the crowd kept shouting, "Resell! Resell! "   Katie's lamb was sold 36 times that day, and the last buyer gave it back for good. Katie ended up with more than $16,000 to pay her medical expenses----and she still got to keep her famous lamb.
Baptism (from the Greek noun βάπτισμα "baptisma"; see below) is a Christian sacrament of admission and adoption, almost invariably with the use of water, into the Christian Church generally. The canonical Gospels report that Jesus was baptized—a historical event to which a high degree of certainty can be assigned. Baptism has been called a holy sacrament and an ordinance of Jesus Christ. In some denominations, baptism is also called christening, but for others the word "christening" is reserved for the baptism of infants. Baptism has also given its name to the Baptist churches and denominations.   The usual form of baptism among the earliest Christians was for the candidate to be immersed, either totally (submerged completely under the water) or partially (standing or kneeling in water while water was poured on him or her). While John the Baptist's use of a deep river for his baptism suggests immersion, "The fact that he chose a permanent and deep river suggests that more than a token quantity of water was needed, and both the preposition 'in' (the Jordan) and the basic meaning of the verb 'baptize' probably indicate immersion. In v. 16, Matthew will speak of Jesus 'coming up out of the water'. The traditional depiction in Christian art of John the Baptist pouring water over Jesus' head may therefore be based on later Christian practice." Pictorial and archaeological evidence of Christian baptism from the 3rd century onward indicates that a normal form was to have the candidate stand in water while water was poured over the upper body. Other common forms of baptism now in use include pouring water three times on the forehead, a method called affusion.
Lewis Hamilton has always been driven by his emotions -- for better or for worse -- but has he found a new level of maturity with Mercedes?   The double world champion has been schooled in the harsh lessons that Formula One can mete out since he joined McLaren's junior program when just 13 years old.   But, despite this careful education by one of the most straight laced teams in F1, the British boy racer cannot help wearing his heart on his sleeve.   There have been some heady highs and mesmerizing meltdowns in his eight-year career at the highest level of motorsport.   Fizzing with energy, he bounded into the sport in 2007 and refused to lie down when faced with Fernando Alonso, a double world champion, as his feisty McLaren teammate.   With Alonso gone after a single acrimonious season, Hamilton drove the McLaren to the 2008 title with "my heart in my mouth."   At just 23 years old, he had sensationally clinched the championship at the last corner, of the last lap, of the last race to deny Ferrari's Felipe Massa -- and a seething crowd of home fans -- in Brazil.   If 2008 was the young gun's giddy zenith, the 2011 campaign was his gut-wrenching nadir.   His long-distance relationship with American pop star Nicole Scherzinger was more off than on and he had ditched his dad Anthony as manager in favor of a high-profile agency.   Hamilton teetered on the edge of controversy and despair. The torch paper was lit at the Monaco Grand Prix when he was penalized by the race stewards. 
Latin America is a group of countries and dependencies in the Americas where Spanish and Portuguese are predominant. The term originated in 19th century France as "Amérique latine" to consider French-speaking territories in the Americas (Haiti, French Guiana, Martinique, Guadeloupe, Saint Martin, Saint Barthélemy) along with the larger group of countries where Spanish and Portuguese languages prevailed. It is therefore broader than the terms Ibero-America or Hispanic America—though it usually excludes French Canada and modern French Louisiana.   Latin America consists of nineteen sovereign states and several territories and dependencies which cover an area that stretches from the northern border of Mexico to the southern tip of South America, including the Caribbean. It has an area of approximately 19,197,000 km (7,412,000 sq mi), almost 13% of the Earth's land surface area. As of , its population was estimated at more than floor(/1e6) million and in 2014, Latin America had a combined nominal GDP of 5,573,397 million USD and a GDP PPP of 7,531,585 million USD.   The term "Latin America" was first used in an 1856 conference with the title "Initiative of the America. Idea for a Federal Congress of Republics" (Iniciativa de la América. Idea de un Congreso Federal de las Repúblicas), by the Chilean politician Francisco Bilbao. In such conference, he called for the creation of a confederation of Latin American republics to better search for their common defense and prosperity, without political or economic barriers between them. In the same work, he also detailed the principles under which such a confederation should work.
Kievan Rus' begins with the rule (882–912) of Prince Oleg, who extended his control from Novgorod south along the Dnieper river valley in order to protect trade from Khazar incursions from the east and moved his capital to the more strategic Kiev. Sviatoslav I (died 972) achieved the first major expansion of Kievan Rus' territorial control, fighting a war of conquest against the Khazar Empire. Vladimir the Great (980–1015) introduced Christianity with his own baptism and, by decree, that of all the inhabitants of Kiev and beyond. Kievan Rus' reached its greatest extent under Yaroslav I (1019–1054); his sons assembled and issued its first written legal code, the Rus' Justice, shortly after his death.   The term "Kievan Rus'" (Ки́евская Русь Kievskaya Rus’) was coined in the 19th century in Russian historiography to refer to the period when the centre was in Kiev. In English, the term was introduced in the early 20th century, when it was found in the 1913 English translation of Vasily Klyuchevsky's A History of Russia, to distinguish the early polity from successor states, which were also named Rus. Later, the Russian term was rendered into Belarusian and Ukrainian as Кіеўская Русь Kijeŭskaja Rus’ and Ки́ївська Русь Kyivs'ka Rus’, respectively.
A victor is, by definition, someone who wins a struggle or contest. However, that doesn't mean he or she will live a proud and happy life ever after, as Katniss Everdeen is about to discover in The Hunger Games: Catching Fire.   Catching Fire, out in Chinese theaters on Nov 21, is set in a futuristic society called Panem. Every year its government holds a televised fight to the death. Two teenagers from each of the 12 districts of Panem are chosen to compete.   In the new film, last year's victors Katniss (Jennifer Lawrence) and her partner Peeta are back home after winning the 74thHunger Games. Katniss just wants to live a normal life. However, that never seems to happen. She has nightmares, which remind her that she is a killer.   Her worst nightmare comes true when the annual Hunger Games arrive again. The teenager finds herself back in the competition along with Peeta. Since Katniss brings hope to Panem through her courage, President Snow plans to use this year's Games to kill off Katniss and Peeta and in turn _ the fires of rebellion.   "This is the next step of Katniss' heroism and the next part of her journey to finding out who she is really going to be," Lawrence told Reuters.   Fast-paced and full of action, Catching Fire looks to outdo the success that the first film had in 2012. With a 97 percent rating on the movie review website Rotten Tomatoes, it is enjoying positive reviews. Critics have praised it for being faithful to the book written by American author Suzanne Collins. The Hollywood Reporter said that Catching Fire outshines the first movie a lot.   Jennifer Lawrence, who won a best actress Oscar this year for her 2012 movie Silver Linings Playbook, has helped Catching Fire find success, Forbes pointed out. The 23-year-old actress does well playing a young lady who hates what she was forced to do to stay alive yet is determined not to give up.   "Lawrence's down-to-earth personality in real life won the hearts of the public. So given a wildly popular first film that blew everyone away, a rising fan base and a lead performer beloved by the mainstream press and viewers, the sequel was always going to be big," Forbes noted.
On paper, the race in Kentucky between Sen. Mitch McConnell and his Democratic challenger, Alison Lundergan Grimes, should be pretty clear-cut: The experienced veteran easily beats a political novice. But like most things, it's not.   McConnell must cross the first hurdle by beating his primary challenger, Matt Bevin, before he engages in what is expected to be one of the most expensive and bitterly fought Senate campaigns this midterm season.   A lot is at stake overall in November: control of the Senate and the political fate of one of the most powerful Republicans in Washington.   Grimes' advantage   Grimes, 35, was just 7 when McConnell was first elected to the Senate.   Mitch McConnell would face biggest challenge yet in Alison Grimes   While he rose up the ranks in Washington and became Senate Republican leader, Grimes practiced law and won statewide office as secretary of state in 2011.   Despite her short political career, like McConnell, her name carries weight -- for better or worse.   Grimes' family has a long history in state Democratic politics. Her father, Jerry, was the former chairman of the Kentucky Democratic Party and a state legislator. But he was forced out of those roles over legal problems facing his catering company.   While the family name has been battered, its connections survive: She'll have access to the deep pockets and support of her father's allies, including Bill and Hillary Clinton.   The former President has already hit the trail for Grimes, raising more than $600,000 at one Louisville event in February. 
John and Sam were friends. They opened a small shop in a small village. One day, they sold out of all their wine , so they drove to the city to buy some. On their way home, the wind was strong and it was getting colder and colder. Both John and Sam wanted to drink some wine to keep warm, but they had a rule. They couldn't drink any wine because they had to sell it. According to the rule, if some-body wanted to drink some wine, he had to pay the other twice the price. John was a clever man. He took out ten cents and gave it to Sam. He said, "Here is ten cents. Would you please sell me some of your wine?" Sam was a businessman , so he said, "You give me money, so of course I will sell some to you." Then he passed John a cup of wine. After drinking the wine, John felt warm soon, but Sam was still cold. Then he took out the ten cents that John just gave to him and said to John, "Here is ten cents. Please sell me some of your wine." John agreed. Sam drank some wine and also felt much warmer. But after some time, they both felt cold again, so they kept buying wine from each other with the same ten cents. Soon they drank up all of the wine. "How could so much wine only cost ten cents?" the two friends asked each other.
Wade–Giles (), sometimes abbreviated Wade, is a Romanization system for Mandarin Chinese. It developed from a system produced by Thomas Wade, during the mid-19th century, and was given completed form with Herbert A. Giles's "Chinese–English Dictionary" of 1892.   Wade–Giles was the system of transcription in the English-speaking world for most of the 20th century, used in standard reference books and in English language books published before 1979. It replaced the Nanking dialect-based romanization systems that had been common until the late 19th century, such as the Postal Romanization (still used in some place-names). In mainland China it has been entirely replaced by the Hanyu Pinyin system approved in 1958. Outside mainland China, it has mostly been replaced by Pīnyīn, even though Taiwan implements a multitude of Romanization systems in daily life. Additionally, its usage can be seen in the common English names of certain individuals and locations such as Chiang Ching-kuo.   Wade–Giles was developed by Thomas Francis Wade, a scholar of Chinese and a British ambassador in China who was the first professor of Chinese at Cambridge University. Wade published in 1867 the first textbook on the Beijing dialect of Mandarin in English, "Yü-yen Tzŭ-êrh Chi" (traditional: ; simplified: 语言自迩集), which became the basis for the Romanization system later known as Wade–Giles. The system, designed to transcribe Chinese terms for Chinese specialists, was further refined in 1912 by Herbert Allen Giles, a British diplomat in China and his son, Lionel Giles, a curator at the British Museum.
It has been a rocky couple of years for the people of Egypt. Since the 2011 revolution, the economy has tanked, street protests are an almost daily occurrence and the political situation remains volatile.   However, a handful of young Egyptians have found that the best way to take a stand against the turmoil is with stand-up comedy.   "We are like a little beam of sunlight, coming through and reminding people, 'Don't worry! When this cloud passes, it will be brighter. It will be happier,'" says Rami Borai, a comedian in one of Egypt's first home-grown comedy troupes, Hezb El Comedy.   The group, whose name means "The Comedy Party," was formed in 2009 by Hashim Al Gahry, who admits he started up with "zero capital." Al Gahry and some friends pooled their savings, and started marketing the group through social media. When they're not performing, Hezb El Comedy teaches the art of stand-up to other aspiring comics, instructing them on things like timing and body language.   "We're not the funniest people in the world, but it's the experience that has put us in a position to give them advice and tell them, 'These are our mistakes, and this is what you can do to avoid what we did,'" says Al Gahry.   Read more: Book shows collection of Iran's political cartoons   Other Arab nations are similarly investing in grassroots comedy. In Qatar, a few young comics have come together to form SUCQ (an acronym for Stand Up Comedy Qatar).   "It's an American art. We took it from the Americans. We have reshaped it to adapt to our culture and society and people," says Hamad Al Amri, 24, a comedian who is also a banker by day. Mohamed Kamal, who also performs stand-up with SUCQ, notes that given Qatar's political climate, there are limits to what he can joke about. 
The children in the village wear dirty, cheap clothes. They sleep beside cows and sheep in small houses. They have no school. But they can write 26 English letters, and some know a few English words. How did it happen? It was because a U.S. group called One Computer Every Child offered them 20 computers. Can children teach themselves to read when they have no schools or teachers but have the help of today's new technology ? The goal of the group is to find out the answer. And the results are exciting. "The children are learning more than they would in one year of school," said Matt Keller, who organized the programme. The fastest learner was an eight-year-old boy called Kelbesa Negusse. He said that he himself was like a lion. Keller said, "Seven months ago he didn't know any English. But now he has known many words. I think if you give them food and water they will never leave the computer room. They will spend day and night there." Kelbesa said, "I like the computer because I can learn things with it." He added, "I know many English words, like dog, monkey, horse, sheep, cow, pig and cat." Keller said that One Computer Every Child was planning a programme for children who couldn't go to school.
Peggy Hilt wanted to be a good mother. But day after day, she got out of bed feeling like a failure. No matter what she tried, she couldn't connect with Nina, the 2-year -old girl she'd adopted from Russia as an infant . The preschooler pulled away whenever Hilt tried to hug or kiss her. Nina was physically aggressive with her 4-year-old sister, who had been adopted from Ukraine, and had violent tantrums . Whenever Hilt wasn't watching, she destroyed the family's furniture and possessions. "Every day with Nina had become a struggle," she recalls now.   As the girl grew older, things got worse. Hilt fell into a deep depression. She started drinking heavily, something she'd never done before. Ashamed, she hid her problem from everyone, including her husband.   On the morning of July 1, 2005, Hilt was packing for a family vocation, all the while swallowing one beer after another and growing increasingly angry and impatient with Nina's deeds. "Everything she did just got to me," Hilt said. When Hilt caught her reaching into her diaper and smearing feces on the walls and furniture, "a year and a half of frustration came to a head," Hilt says. "I snapped . I felt this uncontrollable rage."   Then Hilt did something unthinkable. She grabbed Nina around the neck, shook her and then dropped her to the floor, where she kicked her repeatedly before dragging her up to her room, punching her as they went. "I had never hit a child before," she says. "I felt horrible and promised myself that this would never happen again." But _ . Nina woke up with a fever, and then started throwing up. The next day she stopped breathing. By the time the ambulance got the child to the hospital, she was dead.   Hilt is now serving a 19-year sentence for second-degree murder in a Virginia prison. She and her husband divorced, and he is raising their other daughter. She realizes the horror of her crime and says she isn't looking for sympathy. "There is no punishment severe enough for what I did," she told NEWSWEEK in an interview at the prison.
Jainism (), traditionally known as Jain Dharma, is one of the most ancient Indian religions.   The three main principles of Jainism are "ahimsa" ('non-violence'), "anekantavada" ('non-absolutism'), and "aparigraha" ('non-attachment'); it is also characterized by "asceticism". Followers of Jainism take five main vows: "ahimsa" ('non-violence'), "satya" ('truth'), "asteya" ('not stealing'), "brahmacharya" ('celibacy', 'chastity'), and "aparigraha" ('non-attachment'). These principles have impacted Jain culture in many ways, such as leading to a predominantly vegetarian lifestyle that avoids harm to animals and their life cycles. "Parasparopagraho Jivanam" ('the function of souls is to help one another') is the motto of Jainism. Namokar Mantra is the most common and basic prayer in Jainism.   Followers of Jainism are called "Jains", a word derived from the Sanskrit word "jina" ('victor') and connoting the path of victory in crossing over life's stream of rebirths through an ethical and spiritual life. Jains trace their history through a succession of twenty-four victorious saviors and teachers known as Tirthankaras, with the first being Rishabhanatha, who is believed to have lived millions of years ago, and twenty-fourth being the Mahavira around 500 BCE. Jains believe that Jainism is an eternal "dharma" with the Tirthankaras guiding every cycle of the Jain cosmology.   Jainism has two major ancient sub-traditions, Digambaras and Svetambaras; and several smaller sub-traditions that emerged in the 2nd millennium CE. The Digambaras and Svetambaras have different views on ascetic practices, gender and which Jain texts can be considered canonical. Jain mendicants are found in all Jain sub-traditions, with laypersons ("śrāvakas") supporting the mendicants' spiritual pursuits with resources.
Former English Premier League referees have jumped to the defense of Howard Webb after criticism of his performance in Sunday's World Cup final.   Webb, the first referee to officiate the European Champions League final and World Cup final in the same season, dished out 13 yellow cards and one red as Spain defeated the Netherlands 1-0 in a tempestuous clash at Soccer City, Johannesburg.   Dutch coach Bert Van Marwijk and several of his players suggested the English official favored the Spanish, and Netherlands fans booed Webb and his assistants when they collected their medals after the game.   But ex-referee Jeff Winter, who took charge of several fiery encounters between English giants like Manchester United, Arsenal and Liverpool, was full of praise for Webb's performance in extremely testing circumstances.   "I thought he had a superb game," Winter told CNN. "I find it very difficult to remember a more testing game than that at any level. I thought the players' behavior and discipline were abysmal.   "It was as if the Dutch had decided the only way they were going to stop Spain was by kicking them, harassing the referee and being obnoxious throughout.   "From a referee's point of view, if the players don't want to be controlled it's virtually impossible to control them. Had it had been a referee without his experience of the European game, they might have lost control within the first 30 minutes."   Webb's tally of 14 yellow cards -- including the red shown to Netherlands defender Johnny Heitinga in extra-time - was a record for the World Cup final. 
Music manager Allen Klein, whose clients included the Rolling Stones and the Beatles, died Saturday after a lengthy battle with Alzheimer's disease, his publicist said. Klein was 77.   The son of Jewish immigrants from Hungary, Klein founded his firm Allen Klein & Co. in the late 1950s before the label evolved into ABKCO Music & Records in New York. The independent label holds the copyrights to music by the Rolling Stones, Sam Cooke, the Animals, the Kinks, Chubby Checker, Bobby Womack and hundreds of others.   Klein represented dozens of artists, including Sam Cooke, the Animals, Bobby Darin and Herman's Hermits. He changed the music industry when he represented Sam Cooke in negotiations with RCA, winning the artist control of his own master recordings.   Known for a tenacious and often blunt style in negotiations, Klein's greatest coups were inking contracts with the Rolling Stones and the Beatles, though both relationships ended in legal battles.   ABKCO built up a catalog of copyrights to more than 2,000 songs, including much of the Stones' 1960s catalog. Klein retained ownership of those titles even after splitting with the Stones. In 1969, John Lennon persuaded the other Beatles that Klein should take over the group's business affairs, but Paul McCartney resisted the move and some music historians say the appointment hastened the Beatles' split.   Lennon later fell out with Klein, who was thought to be the target of the former Beatle's 1974 song "Steel and Glass."   Defending his tough style, Klein told Playboy magazine in 1971: "The music business is about 99 percent no-talent losers who can't stand a winner in their midst." 
In geodesy, a reference ellipsoid is a mathematically defined surface that approximates the geoid, the truer figure of the Earth, or other planetary body. Because of their relative simplicity, reference ellipsoids are used as a preferred surface on which geodetic network computations are performed and point coordinates such as latitude, longitude, and elevation are defined.   In 1687 Isaac Newton published the Principia in which he included a proof that a rotating self-gravitating fluid body in equilibrium takes the form of an oblate ellipsoid of revolution which he termed an oblate spheroid. Current practice uses the word 'ellipsoid' alone in preference to the full term 'oblate ellipsoid of revolution' or the older term 'oblate spheroid'. In the rare instances (some asteroids and planets) where a more general ellipsoid shape is required as a model the term used is triaxial (or scalene) ellipsoid. A great many ellipsoids have been used with various sizes and centres but modern (post-GPS) ellipsoids are centred at the actual center of mass of the Earth or body being modeled.   The shape of an (oblate) ellipsoid (of revolution) is determined by the shape parameters of that ellipse which generates the ellipsoid when it is rotated about its minor axis. The semi-major axis of the ellipse, "a", is identified as the equatorial radius of the ellipsoid: the semi-minor axis of the ellipse, "b", is identified with the polar distances (from the centre). These two lengths completely specify the shape of the ellipsoid but in practice geodesy publications classify reference ellipsoids by giving the semi-major axis and the "inverse "flattening, , The flattening, "f", is simply a measure of how much the symmetry axis is compressed relative to the equatorial radius: For the Earth, "f" is around corresponding to a difference of the major and minor semi-axes of approximately . Some precise values are given in the table below and also in Figure of the Earth. For comparison, Earth's Moon is even less elliptical, with a flattening of less than , while Jupiter is visibly oblate at about and one of Saturn's triaxial moons, Telesto, is nearly to .
Serena Williams came from a set down against Maria Sharapova to win the Miami Masters for a record sixth time on Saturday.   After a slow start, the world No.1 sprang into life in stunning fashion, winning the last 10 games of the match to eventually prevail 4-6 6-3 6-0.   Williams' win -- the 48th of her career -- means she surpasses the previous all-time title mark that she jointly held with Germany's Steffi Graf.   "Maria definitely pushed me -- she did a really great job today," Williams said, WTATennis.com reported.   "I look forward to our next matches -- it's going to be really fun for the fans and for us and for everyone."   The match was turned on its head in the sixth game of the second set with Sharapova serving at 3-2. Williams won the game to love before streaking away with the set and the match.   Williams joins Martina Navratilova, Steffi Graf and Chris Evert as only the fourth player ever to win any WTA event six times.   Defeat for Sharapova means she has now finished runner-up for three successive years in Miami and five times in all.   "It's disappointing to end it like this but Serena played a great match, and I'm sure we'll play a few more times this year," Sharapova said, WTATennis.com reported.   
The theory of relativity usually encompasses two interrelated theories by Albert Einstein: special relativity and general relativity. Special relativity applies to elementary particles and their interactions, describing all their physical phenomena except gravity. General relativity explains the law of gravitation and its relation to other forces of nature. It applies to the cosmological and astrophysical realm, including astronomy.   The theory transformed theoretical physics and astronomy during the 20th century, superseding a 200-year-old theory of mechanics created primarily by Isaac Newton. It introduced concepts including spacetime as a unified entity of space and time, relativity of simultaneity, kinematic and gravitational time dilation, and length contraction. In the field of physics, relativity improved the science of elementary particles and their fundamental interactions, along with ushering in the nuclear age. With relativity, cosmology and astrophysics predicted extraordinary astronomical phenomena such as neutron stars, black holes, and gravitational waves.   Albert Einstein published the theory of special relativity in 1905, building on many theoretical results and empirical findings obtained by Albert A. Michelson, Hendrik Lorentz, Henri Poincaré and others. Max Planck, Hermann Minkowski and others did subsequent work.   Einstein developed general relativity between 1907 and 1915, with contributions by many others after 1915. The final form of general relativity was published in 1916.
"Reconstituted" families are more and more common in the UK.   Steve and Debbie got married in 2001 and had two children,Lily and Alex.Unfortunately,Steve and Debbie's marriage didn't work out and they got divorced in 2006.The children live with Debbie.In 2008,Debbie remarried.Her new husband,Martin,has three children from his previous marriage and they visit Debbie,Martin,Lily and Alex at weekends.In addition,Debbie is pregnant with her third child.She's expecting a boy who will be a halfbrother to Lily and Alex and also to Martin's three other children.   Confused?Debbie's family arrangements might have seemed strange 30 years ago but nowadays this kind of "reconstituted" family is increasingly common in the UK.Almost half of all marriages in Britain end in divorce and over 40% of marriages are remarriages.More than 10% of all British children live with one birth parent and a stepparent--a parent who isn't their biological mother or father.The traditional "nuclear" family of two parents and their children is not so traditional any more.   What does all of this mean for parents in these "reconstituted" families?"There are difficulties and challenges," says Debbie."Different families have different routines and it can be difficult for children to move between their two families.Birthdays and holidays can be tricky.Where do the children go?Who should they spend their time with?Also,when my children are naughty it can be difficult for Martin to _ .Things that might be simple in a traditional family can be a bit more complicated."   And how about the children?Martin's eldest child,Ella,is 12."I like my two families," she says."I live with my mum but visit my dad quite often and I'm happy that my mum and dad get along OK.They're not married any more but it's good that they can still be friends." Of course divorce and separation are never easy but many families in the UK are finding ways to make family life work in new ways.
The fate of three U.S. citizens who have disappeared or been imprisoned in Iran was discussed during Friday's historic conversation between the two nations' presidents, a senior U.S. administration official said.   U.S. President Barack Obama, during his phone call with Iranian President Hassan Rouhani, "noted our concern about three American citizens who have been held within Iran -- Robert Levinson, Saeed Abedini, and Amir Hekmati -- and noted our interest in seeing those Americans reunited with their families," the official said.   Two of the Americans have been tried and convicted in Iranian courts, and the whereabouts of another have been unknown for more than six years.   Here are the most recent developments in the stories of the detained U.S. citizens:   Bob LevinsonThe family of Levinson, a retired FBI agent, has been anxiously waiting for news, any news, about his fate since he vanished during a business trip to Iran in March 2007.   When Rouhani, Iran's new president, arrived in New York, Levinson's wife and children were watching closely for a sign that efforts to find Levinson might move forward.   During an exclusive interview with CNN's Christiane Amanpour, Rouhani offered little when asked what he can tell Levinson's family.   "We don't know where he is, who he is," Rouhani said. "He is an American who has disappeared. We have no news of him."   Yet, like former President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, Rouhani spoke of cooperation.   "We are willing to help, and all the intelligence services in the region can come together to gather information about him to find his whereabouts," Rouhani told Amanpour. 
The 2010 Winter Olympics, officially known as the XXI Olympic Winter Games (French: Les "XXIes Jeux olympiques d'hiver") and commonly known as Vancouver 2010, informally the 21st Winter Olympics, were a major international multi-sport event held from February 12 to 28, 2010, in Vancouver, Canada, with some events held in the surrounding suburbs of Richmond, West Vancouver and the University Endowment Lands, and in the nearby resort town of Whistler. Approximately 2,600 athletes from 82 nations participated in 86 events in fifteen disciplines. Both the Olympic and Paralympic Games were organized by the Vancouver Organizing Committee (VANOC), headed by John Furlong. The 2010 Winter Olympics were the third Olympics hosted by Canada and the first by the province of British Columbia. Previously, Canada hosted the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal, Quebec, and the 1988 Winter Olympics in Calgary, Alberta. Vancouver is the largest city to host the Winter Olympics, a title soon to be turned over to Beijing in 2022.   Following Olympic tradition, then-Vancouver mayor Sam Sullivan received the Olympic flag during the closing ceremony of the 2006 Winter Olympics in Turin, Italy. The flag was raised on February 28, 2006, in a special ceremony and was on display at Vancouver City Hall until the Olympic opening ceremony. The event was officially opened by Governor General Michaëlle Jean, who was accompanied by Prime Minister Stephen Harper and International Olympic Committee president Jacques Rogge.
Justin Timberlake is an Entertainer. That's JT, with a capital "E": Everyman, Everything and Everywhere right now.   With the long-awaited release of "The 20/20 Experience," his first album in seven years, 32-year-old Timberlake has managed to endear himself to both women and men -- crafting an amalgam of talents that have made him a character not seen in a generation or two in show-business: The well-rounded performer.   You won't find anyone else like him in music, or Hollywood for that matter. It's an organic chemistry of likability: equal parts movie star, debonair showman, TV comedian and successful businessman.   "My idols have always been the types of guys who could do anything," Timberlake told "The Guardian" in 2011. "Gene Kelly, Fred Astaire, Sinatra, Dean Martin; and when you look up to people like that, you don't accept that you need to be compartmentalized."   "I wouldn't call him Frank Sinatra," "Billboard"'s , Phil Gallo told CNN. "I'll go Bing Crosby because Bing Crosby was more of the, A, wise investor, B, very specific vocal style that evolves -- but you knew it was Bing, just as you know this is Justin. And the acting in the kind of movies they were -- arty, but they told a good story and they appealed to the audience of the day."   Timberlake's business ventures are as diverse as professional sports franchises and golf courses, fashion, the Internet, and restaurants. Gallo added, "Here's somebody who really understands popular culture -- who knows a good project when it's presented to him, that -- that captures a certain zeitgeist." 
I used to be afraid of butterflies! It is true! Once, my mom took me to Seattle. There, we went to a special place. We went to the zoo!   I saw lots of animals at the zoo. I saw bears. I saw tigers. I saw apes. I saw monkeys. I saw snakes. I loved seeing all these animals. They made me happy.   We even saw one place where there were giant bugs and they didn't even scare me. In fact, I like bugs. But there was one place where you walked inside a big room where there were lots of plants and butterflies flying all over the place. You could buy sugar water to feed them and they could land on you. My mom and brother were so excited to go in, but I was scared. I wasn't sure that I wanted to be in the room with butterflies flying everywhere. My mom said I would be okay. My brother said I would be okay. They said butterflies were nice and beautiful. They said they would not hurt me. So I went in the room.   Guess what? I was so scared when one landed on me that I went screaming for the door! The man watching the door to make sure butterflies did not escape or get hurt yelled at me to stop. He was mad at me for running out and not caring about the butterflies. I said I was sorry, but I was scared. He checked me for butterflies and then let me get out of there!   I stayed outside and my mom and my brother enjoyed the butterflies.   Since then, they would tease me about being afraid. They would try and get me to not be afraid. Last year for my birthday, mom bought me a butterfly book. She bought one for my brother, too. I tried really hard to not be afraid and to go out into the yard and find butterflies with my brother. It became really fun to do. Once, a butterfly landed on me and I laughed. I liked it. It tickled me. It did not hurt me. Now, I like butterflies!
(CNN)Mikaela Shiffrin is on course to make skiing history after claiming her third consecutive slalom victory on the World Cup circuit on Saturday.   The young American is hoping to become the first woman to win both the discipline's world title and overall crown in successive seasons.   Shiffrin, who retained her slalom title at February's world championships in Colorado, now has a 90-point lead going into next week's World Cup finale in France.   "I think the first couple races of the season I was pretty arrogant and was like, 'I'm just going to win these, I guess.' And I didn't. I wasn't even close," said Shiffrin, who has won the slalom Crystal Globe two years running.   "When you're racing at a high level -- or doing any sport at a high level -- everybody's going for the win. I learned that I can't take my foot off the gas and expect to win. These last races, I was pushing everything. Any race that I won this season, I was giving my entire heart into it. I'm proud of that."   A day after her 20th birthday, Shiffrin won by a comfortable 1.41 seconds at Are in Sweden as she claimed the 14th World Cup win of her career, with Slovakia's Veronika Velez Zuzulova second and Czech Republic's Sarka Strachova third.   Slalom title rival Frida Hansdotter finished sixth in front of her home fans.   Tina Maze missed a chance to close the gap on overall World Cup leader Anna Fenninger, who did not race, as the Slovenian finished back in 16th. 
Preventing obesity and smoking can save lives, but it doesn't save money, reported researchers. "It was a small surprise, for it is against the common belief," said Pieter Van Baal, who led the study. "But it makes sense. If you live longer, then you cost the health system more."   The researchers found that from age 20 to 56, obese people racked up the most expensive health costs. But on average, healthy people lived 84 years. Smokers lived about 77 years, and obese people lived about 80 years. Smokers and obese people tended to have more heart disease than healthy people. Therefore in the long run, the thin and healthy group cost about $417, 000, from age 20 on. Smokers cost about $326, 000 and obese people $371, 000.   "The result throws a bucket of cold water onto the idea, based on guesswork, that obesity is going to cost trillions of dollars," said Patrick Basham, a professor of health politics. "If we're going to worry about the future of obesity, we should stop worrying about its financial impact," he said.   "The benefits of obesity prevention may not be seen immediately in terms of cost saving in tomorrow's budget, but there are long-term gains," said Van Baal. "These are often immeasurable when it comes to people living longer and healthier lives." In the meanwhile, he said that governments should recognize that successful smoking and obesity prevention programs mean that people will have a longer chance of dying of something more expensive later in life.   "Lung cancer is a cheap disease to treat because people don't survive very long. But if they are old enough to get Alzheimer's one day, they may survive longer and cost more. We are not advising that governments stop trying to prevent obesity," Van Baal said. "But they should do it for the right reasons."
Scientists do not know the exact cause of sexual orientation, but they believe that it is caused by a complex interplay of genetic, hormonal, and environmental influences. They favor biologically-based theories, which point to genetic factors, the early uterine environment, both, or the inclusion of genetic and social factors. There is no substantive evidence which suggests parenting or early childhood experiences play a role when it comes to sexual orientation. Research over several decades has demonstrated that sexual orientation ranges along a continuum, from exclusive attraction to the opposite sex to exclusive attraction to the same sex.   Sexual identity and sexual behavior are closely related to sexual orientation, but they are distinguished, with sexual identity referring to an individual's conception of themselves, behavior referring to actual sexual acts performed by the individual, and orientation referring to "fantasies, attachments and longings." Individuals may or may not express their sexual orientation in their behaviors. People who have a homosexual sexual orientation that does not align with their sexual identity are sometimes referred to as 'closeted'. The term may, however, reflect a certain cultural context and particular stage of transition in societies which are gradually dealing with integrating sexual minorities. In studies related to sexual orientation, when dealing with the degree to which a person's sexual attractions, behaviors and identity match, scientists usually use the terms concordance or discordance. Thus, a woman who is attracted to other women, but calls herself heterosexual and only has sexual relations with men, can be said to experience discordance between her sexual orientation (homosexual or lesbian) and her sexual identity and behaviors (heterosexual).
Roald Dahl was one of the most successful writers of children's books. He sold millions of books all over the world. Many of his books have been made into films and videos. He is so famous that there is even a Roald Dahl Museum you can visit. Roald Dahl was born in 1916 in Wales, Britain. His father was rich but he died when Roald was very young. Roald and his mother lived a hard life. He had to leave school and went to Africa where he worked for an oil company. In 1939 Roald became a pilot, but he had a bad accident. It made him limp for the rest of his life. After this, Roald went to America where he wrote a story about his experience as a pilot. It was so good that it was put in a magazine. Roald married an American film star. They bought a house in England and had five children. From 1960 to 1965, _ : Theo, one of his children, was hit by a taxi and was seriously hurt. Olivia, one of Roald's daughters, died of a strange illness. Soon after this, his wife also had a serious illness. It took her years to get completely better. Gradually Roald became more and more successful. He always did his writing in an old shed at the back of his house. He always sat in the same old armchair with a wooden board on his lap. _ In 1983 Roald won a big prize for his book The BFG. During his life, Roald wrote many famous books, such as Charlie and the Chocolate Factory, Matilda, Fantastic Mr. Fox. After he died in 1990, Roald left money to help people with serious illnesses and those with problems with reading and writing.
The Ottoman Empire (/ˈɒtəmən/; Ottoman Turkish: دَوْلَتِ عَلِيّهٔ عُثمَانِیّه‎ Devlet-i Aliyye-i Osmâniyye, Modern Turkish: Osmanlı İmparatorluğu or Osmanlı Devleti), also known as the Turkish Empire, Ottoman Turkey or Turkey, was an empire founded in 1299 by Oghuz Turks under Osman I in northwestern Anatolia. After conquests in the Balkans by Murad I between 1362 and 1389, the Ottoman sultanate was transformed into a transcontinental empire and claimant to the caliphate. The Ottomans ended the Byzantine Empire with the 1453 conquest of Constantinople by Mehmed the Conqueror.   During the 16th and 17th centuries, in particular at the height of its power under the reign of Suleiman the Magnificent, the Ottoman Empire was a multinational, multilingual empire controlling much of Southeast Europe, Western Asia, the Caucasus, North Africa, and the Horn of Africa. At the beginning of the 17th century the empire contained 32 provinces and numerous vassal states. Some of these were later absorbed into the Ottoman Empire, while others were granted various types of autonomy during the course of centuries.[dn 4]
North America is a continent entirely within the Northern Hemisphere and almost all within the Western Hemisphere; it is also considered by some to be a northern subcontinent of the Americas. It is bordered to the north by the Arctic Ocean, to the east by the Atlantic Ocean, to the west and south by the Pacific Ocean, and to the southeast by South America and the Caribbean Sea.   North America covers an area of about 24,709,000 square kilometers (9,540,000 square miles), about 16.5% of the earth's land area and about 4.8% of its total surface. North America is the third largest continent by area, following Asia and Africa, and the fourth by population after Asia, Africa, and Europe. In 2013, its population was estimated at nearly 565 million people in 23 independent states, or about 7.5% of the world's population, if nearby islands (most notably the Caribbean) are included.   North America was reached by its first human populations during the last glacial period, via crossing the Bering land bridge approximately 40,000 to 17,000 years ago. The so-called Paleo-Indian period is taken to have lasted until about 10,000 years ago (the beginning of the Archaic or Meso-Indian period). The Classic stage spans roughly the 6th to 13th centuries. The Pre-Columbian era ended with the transatlantic migrations and the arrival of European settlers during the Age of Discovery and the Early Modern period. Present-day cultural and ethnic patterns reflect different kind of interactions between European colonists, indigenous peoples, African slaves and their descendants.
Young people can have problems with their minds.Some students become worried because they have to study very hard.Others have trouble getting on well with people like their parents and classmates. Liu Wei,a junior 2 student from Hefei,could not understand his teacher and was doing badly in his lessons.He became so worried about it that he started to cut his finger with a knife. Another student,14-year-old Yan Fang from Guangzhou,was afraid of exams.She got very worried when she looked at the exam paper.She couldn't think of anything to write. A recent report from Jiefang Daily says about 18% of Shanghai teenagers have mental problems.Their troubles include being worried and very unhappy.And they have problems in learning and getting on with people.Many students who have problems won't ask others for advice or help.Some think they will look stupid if they go to see a doctor.Others don't want to talk about their secret. Liang Yuezhu,an expert on teenagers from Beijing Anding Hospital has the following advice for teenagers: * Talk to your parents or teachers often * Take part in group activities and play sports * Go to see a doctor if you feel unhappy or unwell
There are many great movie directors of all time and the following are five of those who have largely impressed audience with their body of work.   As a member of the New Hollywood gang, Francis Coppola is best remembered for The God Father series. His decision to cast Marlon Brando in the lead also met with fierce opposition from the studio bosses. Good sense became popular, and The God Father went on to become one of the most memorable movies ever. Critics may point out that he has become less creative after his seventies, but try as one might, no one can possibly take the place of this great director's work.   Stanley Kubrick's movies focus on the themes like sci-fi, horror, dark humor and war. He used symbolism in most of his movies, giving us some wonderful screen visuals, as shown in 2001: A Space Odyssey. His actors in Hollywood complained about the endless number of retakes, but they appreciated the performance he milked out of them. People argue about films like Lolita, A Clockwork Orange and Paths of Glory, but these are now seen as classics.   Steven Spielberg is a great success at the box office, and he is one of the world's most popular filmmakers today. As the creator of classics like Schindler's List, Jurassic Park, ET, Indiana Jones series, Jaws, Saving Private Ryan, no one can win his hold over the audience. His critics accuse him of being emotional and over the top, _   Woody Allen is a director who directs movies full of crime and hate. This comic genius has given us Annie Hall, Hannah and Her Sisters and Midnight in Paris, which have also become classical. His movies constantly include characters who arouse the audience's sympathy and laughter at the same time, as they set out on a journey of self-discovery. Hollywood star power has never fazed Allen. Thankfully, awards and honors do not interest him, which results in creativity that is original.
Adolf Hitler (; 20 April 1889 – 30 April 1945) was a German politician who was the leader of the Nazi Party ("Nationalsozialistische Deutsche Arbeiterpartei"; NSDAP), Chancellor of Germany from 1933 to 1945 and Führer ("Leader") of Nazi Germany from 1934 to 1945. As dictator, Hitler initiated World War II in Europe with the invasion of Poland in September 1939, and was central to the Holocaust.   Hitler was born in Austria—then part of Austria-Hungary—and was raised near Linz. He moved to Germany in 1913 and was decorated during his service in the German Army in World War I. In 1919, he joined the German Workers' Party (DAP), the precursor of the NSDAP, and was appointed leader of the NSDAP in 1921. In 1923, he attempted to seize power in a failed coup in Munich and was imprisoned. While in jail he dictated the first volume of his autobiography and political manifesto "Mein Kampf" ("My Struggle"). Released in 1924, Hitler gained popular support by attacking the Treaty of Versailles and promoting Pan-Germanism, anti-semitism and anti-communism with charismatic oratory and Nazi propaganda. He frequently denounced international capitalism and communism as being part of a Jewish conspiracy.   By 1933, the Nazi Party was the largest elected party in the German Reichstag and led to Hitler's appointment as Chancellor on 30 January 1933. Following fresh elections won by his coalition, the Reichstag passed the Enabling Act, which began the process of transforming the Weimar Republic into Nazi Germany, a one-party dictatorship based on the totalitarian and autocratic ideology of National Socialism. He aimed to eliminate Jews from Germany and establish a New Order to counter what he saw as the injustice of the post-World War I international order dominated by Britain and France. His first six years in power resulted in rapid economic recovery from the Great Depression, the abrogation of restrictions imposed on Germany after World War I and the annexation of territories that were home to millions of ethnic Germans which gave him significant popular support.
Jack had gone to the university to study history, but he kept playing all the time and at the end of his first year, his history professor failed him in his exams. He was so poor at his subject that he would have to leave the university. However, his father made up his mind that he would go to see the professor to ask him to let Jack go on his studies the next year. "He's a good boy," said the father, "and if you let him pass this time, I'm sure he'll improve a lot next year and pass the exam at the end of it really well." "No, no, that's quite impossible." said the professor at once, "Do you know, last month I asked him when Napoleon had died, and he didn't know!" "Please, sir, give him another chance." said Jack's father. "You see, I'm afraid we don't take any newspapers in our house, so none of us even know that Napoleon was ill."
Physically, clothing serves many purposes: it can serve as protection from the elements, and can enhance safety during hazardous activities such as hiking and cooking. It protects the wearer from rough surfaces, rash-causing plants, insect bites, splinters, thorns and prickles by providing a barrier between the skin and the environment. Clothes can insulate against cold or hot conditions. Further, they can provide a hygienic barrier, keeping infectious and toxic materials away from the body. Clothing also provides protection from harmful UV radiation.   There is no easy way to determine when clothing was first developed, but some information has been inferred by studying lice. The body louse specifically lives in clothing, and diverge from head lice about 107,000 years ago, suggesting that clothing existed at that time. Another theory is that modern humans are the only survivors of several species of primates who may have worn clothes and that clothing may have been used as long ago as 650 thousand years ago. Other louse-based estimates put the introduction of clothing at around 42,000–72,000 BP.
Something roared like thunder. The earth shook a little and we heard the rat-a-tat-tat of gunfire. "Father!" Hassan cried. We sprung to our feet and raced out of the living room.   "Father! What's that sound? Hassan screamed, his hands outstretched toward Ali. Ali wrapped his arms around us. A white light flashed and lit the sky in silver. It flashed again and was followed by rapid sharp sounds of gunfire. "They're hunting ducks." Ali said in a hoarse voice. "They hunt ducks at night, you know." Don't be afraid.   A siren went off in the distance. Somewhere glass broke and someone shouted. I heard people on the street, jolted from sleep and probably still in their pajamas, with ruffled hair and puffy eyes. Hassan was crying. Ali pulled him close, clutched him with tenderness.   We stayed huddled that way until the early hours of the morning. The shootings and explosions had lasted less than an hour, but they had frightened us badly, because none of us had ever heard gunshots in the streets. They were foreign sounds to us then. The generation of Afghan children whose ears would know nothing but the sounds of bombs and gunfire was not yet born. Huddled together in the dining room and waiting for the sun to rise, none of us had any notion that a way of life had ended. The end came when Russian tanks were rolling into the very same streets where Hassan and I played, bringing the death of the Afghanistan I knew and marking the start of a still ongoing era of bloodletting.   Just before sunrise, Baba's car peeled into the driveway. His door slammed shut and his running footsteps pounded the stairs. Then he appeared in the doorway and I saw something on his face. Something I didn't recognize right away because I'd never seen it before: fear. "Amir! Hassan!" He cried as he ran to us, opening his arms wide. "They blocked all the roads and the telephone didn't work. I was so worried!"   We let him wrap us in his arms and, for a brief moment, I was glad about whatever had happened that night.
The Human Development Index (HDI) is a composite statistic of life expectancy, education, and income per capita indicators, which are used to rank countries into four tiers of human development. A country scores higher HDI when the life expectancy at birth is longer, the education period is longer, and the income per capita is higher. The HDI was developed by the Pakistani economist Mahbub ul Haq, often framed in terms of whether people are able to "be" and "do" desirable things in their life, and was published by the United Nations Development Programme.   The 2010 Human Development Report introduced an Inequality-adjusted Human Development Index (IHDI). While the simple HDI remains useful, it stated that "the IHDI is the actual level of human development (accounting for inequality)," and "the HDI can be viewed as an index of 'potential' human development (or the maximum IHDI that could be achieved if there were no inequality)."
It's been more than three weeks since militants from the dreaded Boko Haram terrorist group dragged 276 girls out of their beds at a boarding school in northern Nigeria, and still no one knows where the girls are. International assistance has begun to flow into Nigeria, whose president has vowed to end the terror threat plaguing his country.   Here's what you need to know to get caught up:   Where are the girls?   It's anyone's guess. Boko Haram's leader, Abubakar Shekau, said in a video that he was going to sell them into slavery, but it's unknown whether he has. Pentagon spokesman U.S. Navy Rear Adm. John Kirby and other officials have said they believe the girls may have been separated into smaller groups, making the task of finding them inordinately more difficult. Gordon Brown, a former UK prime minister and the U.N.'s special envoy for global education, speculated that the girls may have been moved into neighboring countries. "The search must be in Niger, Cameroon and Chad, to see if we can find information," he said.   What's being done to find them?   Nigeria hasn't given a lot of information about its efforts other than to say that its soldiers have been out in the field, looking for the girls. Nigerian police offered a $310,000 reward, but there's no evidence that has turned up any leads. The United States and Britain have sent advisers to help the Nigerian government find the girls, stage rescue missions and help in the larger fight to defeat Boko Haram. 
American sign language has an interesting history. Although there have always been deaf individuals in America, the history really begins in 1817. Before 1817 deaf people communicated by using "home signs". Gestures were individually created and used within the home for simple communication. There were no schools or formal sign language training for the deaf.   So, why was 1817 an important date? Well, the story begins with Thomas Hopkins Gallaudet. Gallaudet met his neighbor's daughter Alice Cogswell. Alice was the young deaf daughter of Dr. Mason Cogswell from Hartford, Connecticut. Gallaudet began teaching Alice to read and write a few simple words. Excited by the success Dr. Cogswell encouraged Gallaudet to establish a school for the deaf. Cogswell raised the money and Gallaudet traveled to Britain to learn the methods used there. However, the schools refused to share their instructional techniques and methods.   While in London, there happened to be a demonstration of the French method of deaf education. Britain was using an oral method of instruction; however, the French method used signs. Gallaudet was fascinated with the method and was able to meet with the instructor, Sicard, and his two deaf pupils, Jean Massieu and Laurent Clerc. Sicard agreed to teach Gallaudet his method and Gallaudet went to Paris to learn French signs. After a while, Gallaudet wished to return home and convinced Clerc to go with him and help him establish the school. The trip home was a 52-day voyage during which Clerc taught Gallaudet French signs and Gallaudet taught Clerc English.   On April 15, 1817, Laurent Clerc and Thomas Hopkins Gallaudet established what is currently known as the American School for the Deaf in Hartford, Connecticut. The opening of the first school for the deaf can be viewed as one of the most important events in current deaf culture.
Jason lay in his bed after a night of no sleep. He was too excited for today. There was a football game that he was going to play with his friends. It would be him, Jack, James, and John competing with David, Ruth, Parsons, and Mike. David, Rush, Parsons, and Mike were much bigger than them, and were big bullies at school. When Jason got up, he had the choice to eat cereal, candy, chocolate milk, or pizza. He chose to eat cereal because he thought that eating something good for you would make him play better. They were going to play at the school, but the school was closed. They then went to the park, and got their teams set up. Jason's team got the ball first and they scored! David's team got the ball next, but they also scored. Unfortunately, it started raining. Everyone was getting wet, and people were starting to get angry. A fight soon broke out, and they all started fighting with each other. Eventually, Jason yelled for everyone to stop. They all stopped and chose to eat pizza together and forgive each other. Jason then went home bruised and dirty, and his parents grounded him for getting into a fight.
"He never asked nor accepted any reward, because he was good and simple and did not think that one did good for a reward." (Primo Levi, If This Is A Man)   Gino Bartali wanted to keep it to himself.   How could a man, so famous and so revered, keep it a secret for so long?   "Good is something you do, not something you talk about," Bartali once explained. "Some medals are pinned to your soul, not to your jacket."   He was Italy's very own version of Babe Ruth -- a man whose personality, character and success transcended sport.   In the 1930s, Bartali, a son of Tuscany, was one of the leading cyclists in the world, a man admired by all.   He had won three Giro d'Italia titles -- one of the three major European cycling events -- in addition to his triumph at the 1938 Tour de France and was very much the country's poster boy.   And yet for a man who lived in his life in the full glare of the public, a new film, My Italian Secret reveals a very different side to Bartali's remarkable life.   Directed by Oren Jacoby, the film shows how Bartali was part of a secret Italian resistance movement which helped hide the country's Jews during the Nazi invasion of 1943.   Using the handlebars on his bike to hide counterfeit identity papers, Bartali would ride to Jews in hiding and deliver their exit visas which allowed them to escape transportation to the death camps -- he is credited with saving the lives of 800 people. 
The 2008 Summer Olympic Games, officially known as the Games of the XXIX Olympiad () and commonly known as Beijing 2008, was a major international multi-sport event that took place in Beijing, China, from 7 to 24 August 2008. A total of 10,942 athletes from 204 National Olympic Committees (NOCs) competed in 28 sports and 302 events (a total of one event more than the schedule of the 2004 Games). China became the 22nd nation to host the Olympic Games and the 18th to hold a Summer Olympic Games. It was the third time that the Summer Olympic Games were held in East Asia and Asia, after Tokyo, Japan, in 1964 and Seoul, South Korea, in 1988.   The Games were the most watched Olympics in history, attracting 4.7 billion viewers worldwide and landed on Guinness World Records. The event was also the most expensive Summer Olympic Games ever held, reaching a total cost of US$40 billion, and among the most successful.   The equestrian events were held in Hong Kong, making it the third time the events of the same Olympics were held under the jurisdiction of two different NOCs, while sailing was contested in Qingdao, and football events took place in several different cities.
Christine and Elena grew up in the same suburb of Sydney and first met at kindergarten. They took to each other immediately and became inseparable friends throughout their school lives. Elena's parents had moved from Greece to Australia, and her grandparents still lived on the small Greek island of Santorini, When she was 16, Elena visited her grandparents for the first time. On returning to Australia, she talked endlessly about her grandmother's next-door neighbor, Mara. When Christine expressed puzzlement at Elena's obsession with people next door, Elena admitted that Maria had a handsome son called Nicos. She showed Christine a photo of him, standing next to his prize possession, a motorbike. Elena and Nicos exchanged emails for a while, but suddenly Nicos stopped writing. While not heartbroken, Elena was nevertheless hurt. A year later, when Christine announced that she was going to visit Greece, Elena begged her to visit Santorini and say hello to Maria and Nicos. Christine agreed to do so.   When she flew into Athens on an unseasonably cold day in September, she quickly realized that she hadn't brought enough warm clothes. Walking through the streets of the Greek capital, she happened to see a nice coat in a shop window and went in to ask about the price. The coat was too expensive, but as Christine was about to leave the shop, the woman asked her where she was from. When Christine answered Australia, the woman agreed to reduce the price because she knew a nice girl from Australia called Elena. Christine then noticed a photo of a young man standing next to a motorbike. Her eyes opened wide with astonishment. It was Nicos! Indeed the young man was Nicos, and the woman in the shop was Maria. She had come to Athens from Santorini to look after the shop for a friend.   Sadly, the story has a tragic ending. Nicos had been killed in a motorcycle accident.   "I wanted to tell Elena," said Maria. "But I didn't know how. Now that I have met you, I know that it's time to tell her."
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands (SGSSI) is a British overseas territory in the southern Atlantic Ocean. It is a remote and inhospitable collection of islands, consisting of South Georgia and a chain of smaller islands known as the South Sandwich Islands. South Georgia is long and wide and is by far the largest island in the territory. The South Sandwich Islands lie about southeast of South Georgia. The territory's total land area is . The Falkland Islands are about north-west from its nearest point.   There is no permanent population on the islands. The present inhabitants are the British Government Officer, Deputy Postmaster, scientists, and support staff from the British Antarctic Survey who maintain scientific bases at Bird Island and at the capital, King Edward Point, as well as museum staff at nearby Grytviken.   The United Kingdom claimed sovereignty over South Georgia in 1775 and the South Sandwich Islands in 1908. The territory of "South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands" was formed in 1985; previously it had been governed as part of the Falkland Islands Dependencies. Argentina claimed South Georgia in 1927 and claimed the South Sandwich Islands in 1938.   Argentina maintained a naval station, Corbeta Uruguay, on Thule Island in the South Sandwich Islands from 1976 until 1982 when it was closed by the Royal Navy. The Argentine claim over South Georgia contributed to the 1982 Falklands War, during which Argentine forces briefly occupied the island. Argentina continues to claim sovereignty over South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands.
Ralph was an alligator that loved to splash around in the water. Ralph had three brothers, named Henry, Larry, and Thomas. But none of Ralph's three brothers liked to play in the water. They were very mean brothers, but the meanest of them all was Henry. Henry would always chase Ralph around the lake and try to beat him up when he was splashing around. Then on his birthday, Ralph thought of a great idea. His idea was to stop Henry from beating him by using a trick. He would trick Henry into thinking one side of the lake was scary. Ralph dressed up in a spooky costume and waited for Henry to swim over to the side of the lake. Then when Henry came over, Ralph started making spooky sounds and scared Henry back to the other side of the lake. Henry was so scared he never came to the other side of the lake again and Ralph was free to splash around in peace.
ABC News is the news division of the American Broadcasting Company (ABC), owned by the Disney Media Networks division of The Walt Disney Company. Its flagship program is the daily evening newscast "ABC World News Tonight"; other programs include morning news-talk show "Good Morning America", newsmagazine series "Nightline", "Primetime" and "20/20", and Sunday morning political affairs program "This Week with George Stephanopolous".   ABC began news broadcasts early in its independent existence as a radio network after the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) ordered NBC to spin off the former NBC Blue Network into an independent company in 1943. The split (which NBC conducted voluntarily in the event that its appeal to have the ruling overturned was denied) was enforced to expand competition in radio broadcasting in the United States as the industry had only a few companies such as NBC and CBS that dominated the radio market, and in particular, was intended to prevent the limited competition from dominating news and political broadcasting and projecting narrow points-of-view. Television broadcasting was suspended, however, during World War II.   Regular television news broadcasts on ABC began soon after the network signed on its initial owned-and-operated television station (WJZ-TV, now WABC-TV) and production center in New York City in August 1948. ABC news broadcasts have continued as the television network expanded nationwide, a process that took many years beginning with its launch in 1948. However, from the 1950s through the early 1970s, ABC News' programs (as was the case with the television network in general during that period) consistently ranked third in viewership behind news programs on CBS and NBC. Until the 1970s, the ABC television network had fewer affiliate stations, as well as a weaker prime-time programming slate to be able to truly support the network's news operations in comparison to the two larger networks, each of which had established their radio news operations during the 1930s.
Mrs Black is sixty-nine years old. She has only a daughter named Sandra. Mr Black died twelve years ago. She was very sad and lived in her house alone. Two years later her daughter had a baby. The woman was busy all the time and no time to look after her son James. She asked her mother to live with with them. The old woman had to sell her house and moved there. She was strong and could do all the housework. And the family liked her. Last autumn Mrs Black went to do some shopping. A car hit her and her leg was hurt. She had to be in hospital for three months. She couldn't do anything after she came back. At first her daughter was kind to her, but soon she began to tired of her. The old woman wanted to leave, but she had no money to buy a house and nobody could take care of her. She didn't know what to do. One morning Mrs Black broke a plate. It made her daughter angry. She told James to buy a wooden for her grandma. That afternoon James came back with two wooden plates. She was surprised and asked "Why did you buy two plates, son" "One is for my grandma," answered the boy. "The other is for you." She cried for long. She's kind to her mother as she did before.
Within hours of becoming a national hero, a viral video star and the top topic on Twitter, Charles Ramsey talked about having trouble getting sleep.   It wasn't because of all the excitement that followed his knocking down a Cleveland neighbor's door, freeing three women and a girl who police say were held hostage for years.   Instead, Ramsey told CNN's Anderson Cooper on Tuesday, it was about knowing he had lived for a year near the captive women on the city's West Side.   "Up until yesterday the only thing that kept me from losing sleep was the lack of money," the restaurant dishwasher said on "Anderson Cooper 360."   "I could have done this last year, not this hero stuff," said Ramsey. "Just do the right thing."   Ramsey recounted Monday night's drama, when he heard a girl scream "like a car had hit a kid."   He ran from his living room, clutching a half-eaten McDonald's Big Mac, to the house and helped free a woman identified as Amanda Berry.   "Amanda said, 'I've been trapped in here. He won't let me out. It's me and my baby."   Who are the three women freed in Cleveland?   Ramsey and a man named Angel Cordero broke down the door, CNN affiliate WEWS reported in an earlier interview heard around the world.   Ramsey told CNN he had never seen Berry before Monday, and at first, he could not place the name.   "Berry didn't register with me until I was on the phone, like wait a minute, I thought this girl was dead." 
Ethanol, also called alcohol, ethyl alcohol, and drinking alcohol, is a compound and simple alcohol with the chemical formula . Its formula can be written also as −− or − (an ethyl group linked to a hydroxyl group), and is often abbreviated as EtOH. Ethanol is a volatile, flammable, colorless liquid with a slight characteristic odor. It is used as a drug and is the principal type of alcohol found in alcoholic drinks.   Ethanol is naturally produced by the fermentation of sugars by yeasts or via petrochemical processes, and is most commonly considered as a popular recreational drug. It also has medical applications as an antiseptic and disinfectant. The compound is widely used as a chemical solvent, either for scientific chemical testing or in synthesis of other organic compounds, and is a vital substance utilized across many different kinds of manufacturing industries. Ethanol is also used as a clean energy burning fuel source.   "Ethanol" is the systematic name defined by the International Union of Pure and Applied Chemistry (IUPAC) for a compound consisting of alkyl group with two carbon atoms (prefix "eth-"), having a single bond between them (infix "-an-"), attached functional group-OH group (suffix "-ol").   The "eth-" prefix and the qualifier "ethyl" in "ethyl alcohol" originally come from the name "ethyl" assigned in 1834 to the group - by Justus Liebig. He coined the word from the German name "Aether" of the compound -O- (commonly called "ether" in English, more specifically called "diethyl ether"). According to the Oxford English Dictionary, "Ethyl" is a contraction of the Ancient Greek αἰθήρ (aithḗr, “upper air”) and the Greek word "" ("hyle", substance).
Once upon a time, a horse, a cow, a ox, and a donkey were playing outside when they got really hungry. So, they went to a drive-in to get some lunch. The horse ordered a cheeseburger. The cow ordered a chili dog. The ox ordered a chicken sandwich. And the donkey ordered a fish sandwich. The horse ordered fries. The cow ordered onion rings. The ox ordered a baked potato. The donkey ordered a side salad. The horse had ketchup on his cheeseburger. The cow had mayonnaise on his chili dog. The ox had mustard on his chicken sandwich. And the donkey had Miracle Whip on his fish sandwich. But the restaurant didn't get any of the orders right because they had their sauces mixed up. The ketchup got mixed up with the Miracle Whip. The mayonnaise got mixed up with the ketchup. The mustard got mixed up with the mayonnaise. And the Miracle Whip got mixed up with the mustard. The Miracle Whip was red. The ketchup was yellow. The mayonnaise was blue. And the mustard was green.
The James Bond series focuses on a fictional British Secret Service agent created in 1953 by writer Ian Fleming, who featured him in twelve novels and two short-story collections. Since Fleming's death in 1964, eight other authors have written authorised Bond novels or novelizations: Kingsley Amis, Christopher Wood, John Gardner, Raymond Benson, Sebastian Faulks, Jeffery Deaver, William Boyd and Anthony Horowitz. The latest novel is "Trigger Mortis" by Anthony Horowitz, published in September 2015. Additionally Charlie Higson wrote a series on a young James Bond, and Kate Westbrook wrote three novels based on the diaries of a recurring series character, Moneypenny.   The character has also been adapted for television, radio, comic strip, video games and film. The films are the longest continually running film series of all time and have grossed over $7.040 billion in total, making it the fourth-highest-grossing film series to date, which started in 1962 with "Dr. No", starring Sean Connery as Bond. As of 2017, there have been twenty-four films in the Eon Productions series. The most recent Bond film, "Spectre" (2015), stars Daniel Craig in his fourth portrayal of Bond; he is the sixth actor to play Bond in the Eon series. There have also been two independent productions of Bond films: "Casino Royale" (a 1967 spoof) and "Never Say Never Again" (a 1983 remake of an earlier Eon-produced film, "Thunderball"). In 2015, the franchise was estimated to be worth $19.9 billion, making "James Bond" one of the highest-grossing media franchises of all time.
Louis-Napoléon Bonaparte (born Charles-Louis Napoléon Bonaparte; 20 April 1808 – 9 January 1873) was the President of France from 1848 to 1852 and, as Napoleon III, the Emperor of the French from 1852 to 1870. He was the only president of the French Second Republic and the head of the Second French Empire.   He was the nephew and heir of Napoleon I. He was the first Head of State of France to hold the title President, the first elected by a direct popular vote, and the youngest until the election of Emmanuel Macron in 2017. Barred by the Constitution and Parliament from running for a second term, he organized a "coup d'état" in 1851 and then took the throne as Napoleon III on 2 December 1852, the forty-eighth anniversary of his uncle's coronation. He remains the longest-serving French head of state since the French Revolution. His downfall was brought about by the Franco-Prussian war in which France was decisively defeated by the North German Confederation, led by Prussia.   During the first years of the Empire, Napoleon's government imposed censorship and harsh repressive measures against his opponents. Some six thousand were imprisoned or sent to penal colonies until 1859. Thousands more went into voluntary exile abroad, including Victor Hugo. From 1862 onwards, he relaxed government censorship, and his regime came to be known as the "Liberal Empire". Many of his opponents returned to France and became members of the National Assembly.
Albanians () are a nation and ethnic group, native to Albania, Kosovo and other countries who share a common culture, ancestry and speak the Albanian language as a native tongue. Legally, the term is used to refer to the citizens of the Republic of Albania. Ethnic Albanians speak the Albanian language and more than half of ethnic Albanians live in Albania and Kosovo. A large Albanian population lives in Greece, Italy, the Republic of Macedonia, with smaller Albanian populations located in Serbia and Montenegro.   Albanians produced many prominent figures such as Skanderbeg, leader of the medieval Albanian resistance to the Ottoman conquest and others during the Albanian National Awakening seeking self-determination. During the 17th and 18th century Albanians in large numbers converted to Islam, often to escape higher taxes levied on Christian subjects as well as a plethora of other reasons including ecclesiastical decay, coercion by Ottoman authorities in times of war, and the privileged legal and social position of Muslims. As Muslims, some Albanians attained important political and military positions within the Ottoman Empire and culturally contributed to the wider Muslim world. Albania gained its independence in 1912 and between 1945–1992, Albanians lived under a repressive communist regime. Albanians within Yugoslavia underwent periods of discrimination and eventual self-determination that concluded with the breakup of that state in the early 1990s culminating with Albanians living in new countries and Kosovo. Outside the southwestern Balkans of where Albanians have traditionally been located, Albanian populations through the course of history have formed new communities contributing to the cultural, economic, social and political life of their host populations and countries while also at times assimilating too.
Muslims believe the Quran was verbally revealed by God to Muhammad through the angel Gabriel (Jibril), gradually over a period of approximately 23 years, beginning on 22 December 609 CE, when Muhammad was 40, and concluding in 632, the year of his death. Muslims regard the Quran as the most important miracle of Muhammad, a proof of his prophethood, and the culmination of a series of divine messages that started with the messages revealed to Adam and ended with Muhammad. The word "Quran" occurs some 70 times in the text of the Quran, although different names and words are also said to be references to the Quran.   According to the traditional narrative, several companions of Muhammad served as scribes and were responsible for writing down the revelations. Shortly after Muhammad's death, the Quran was compiled by his companions who wrote down and memorized parts of it. These codices had differences that motivated the Caliph Uthman to establish a standard version now known as Uthman's codex, which is generally considered the archetype of the Quran known today. There are, however, variant readings, with mostly minor differences in meaning.
For many people, the name Baskin-Robbins is connected to sweet memories of eating ice cream. Irvine Robbins, who helped create this famous company, died in May at the age of ninety. His career of making fun and exciting ice cream flavors changed the way Americans enjoy this food.   Irvine Robbins opened his first ice cream store in 1945 in California. At the time, there were no stores that sold only ice cream. His sister's husband, Burton Baskin, also opened his own ice cream stores.   In 1948 they combined their six stores into one business. Baskin and Robbins realized that they were too busy to operate each store well. So, they decided to sell part of each operation to the manager of that store. This permitted the company to grow quickly.   By 1953, they renamed their company Baskin-Robbins. They advertised that they sold 31 kinds of ice cream to show the many choices buyers had. There was one flavor for every day of the month.   Robbins and Baskin sold "Lunar Cheesecake " the day after astronauts landed on the moon in 1969. Other flavors included "ChaChaCha", for cherry chocolate chip, and Robbins' personal favorite "Jamoca Almond Fudge". They said, "We sell fun, not just ice cream."   By 1967, there were 500 Baskin-Robbins stores in the United States. The business partners sold their company that year. Today, there are more than 5,800 Baskin-Robbins stores around the world.
In the UK, most children have their lunches at school, but in some schools, parents can choose what their children eat. The children can have a school dinner-a hot, cooked meal; or they can take a packed lunch with them, which usually includes cold food like sandwiches. Often parents know what their children want. Cath, a mother of three children, told us, "My children have packed lunches because they say they don't like to have school dinners. So I make three packed lunches every morning." However, another mother, Susan, made a different choice. She said, "My daughters have a always had school dinners. I think they probably get healthier food at school than a few sandwiches I make for them." But how healthy are school dinners? Kaz, a father, thought poorly of them. He said, "Fizzy drinks were offered and I think there were a lot of chips." Jamie Oliver spent a year working in a school kitchen. He was worried about the unhealthy food which included burgers, pizzas and chips. So he tried to cook healthy food such as good stews and curries for the children instead. So Jamie improved the school dinners, and trained the dinner ladies to cook healthy food in that school. Then he advised the government to improve school food across the country. And it seems that the changes have begun. Anna, a pupil, told us, "We used to have a fast food window where you got chips and coke, but they stopped that this year. There's a salad restaurant, which is good, so it's healthier than it was." ,.
To a friend of more than 20 years, Manssor Arbabsiar was a man who liked to be called "Jack" and didn't seem to have strong views on politics or religion.   To U.S. authorities, the 56-year-old naturalized U.S. citizen is a suspect in an alleged Iranian plot to assassinate Saudi Arabia's ambassador to the United States.   "It was shocking because it didn't seem like he would be the type of person to do something like that," said Mitchel Hamauei, who said he met Arbabsiar through mutual Iranian friends.   "He was a happy go lucky guy, always joked around," Hamauei said. "He had a really happy demeanor."   Hamauei, who runs a gyro and kebab restaurant in Corpus Christi, Texas, said the two were close enough that he attended the graduation of Arbabsiar's son.   "I know his wife and his son. They're very down-to-earth people," Hamauei said.   The two kept in touch even after Arbabsiar moved to Austin about four or five years ago.   "I saw him about a year ago. He came by the store to eat a sandwich."   Arbabsiar was a used car salesman, Hamauei said. Their conversations would be about "life in general," he said. "Nothing religious. Nothing political."   "He would go out and party," Hamauei said. "As far as I know he never practiced religion."   Martha Guerrero, Arbabsiar's estranged wife, told the Austin, Texas, station KVUE Tuesday that they've "been separated for a long time" and she doesn't know anything about his affairs.   However, she believes he is innocent. 
The host: Now it's time for our You Must Read This program. Today we'll hear from Lauren Groff. She came across a book when she was going to have her first child and was worried about the future.   Lauren Groff: Staring into darkness, I wanted to read about happiness.1n fact, books full of joy are hard to find because happiness is nearly impossible to write about. So, when I found Elizabeth and Her German Garden, by Elizabeth Von Arnim, I felt as if someone suddenly opened a curtain and revealed a window where I had thought there was a wall.   Elizabeth and Her German Garden feels as if it rose out of Von Arnim's deep unhappiness in the way she was supposed to fit into her world Still, what a cool drink this novel is. It has a few characters: the narrator, a countess named Elizabeth, her husband, her three tiny daughters, various servants and some visitors. There is also Elizabeth's garden. whick we see in all its seasonal richness.   That is only the book's surface, however. There are great things hidden in the book. Eliza- beth is always comparing herself and the women around her and finding their fixed social roles disappointing. Her happiness, when it comes, arrives as an act of will. She has fought hard to achieve delight and I think it is more valuable for her struggle.   I appreciate Elizabeth for showing me a way through my darkest time, by revealing that an act of focused attention can lift a person out of a long, dark period in their lives. Anyone can get a little happiness from living, even by reading a few pages of a book.   The host : That's Lauren Groff. Her latest novel is Arcadia. The book she recommended is Elizabeth and Her German Garden.
Anna's parents told her they were going to have a new baby brother. She had never had a brother before. She was not sure what to think about it.   "What if he cries?" asked Anna.   "If he cries we hold him until he is quiet," said Anna's dad.   "What if he makes a mess in his diaper?" asked Anna.   "Diapers smell but we clean them up," said Anna's mom.   Anna thought about having a baby brother. Her mom and dad would take care of him. They bought a high chair for him to eat in. They brought out her old crib for him to sleep in. What could she do to help? Anna wanted to help the baby play. She thought it would be fun to play with him. Anna saved up her money. She had two whole dollars. She went to the store to pick out a present for the baby. She bought a rattle. It cost all the money she had, but Anna was happy. She could give a gift to the new baby.
Art Deco, sometimes referred to as Deco, is a style of visual arts, architecture and design that first appeared in France just before World War I. Art Deco influenced the design of buildings, furniture, jewellery, fashion, cars, movie theatres, trains, ocean liners, and everyday objects such as radios and vacuum cleaners. It took its name, short for "Arts Décoratifs", from the Exposition Internationale des Arts Décoratifs et Industriels Modernes (International Exhibition of Modern Decorative and Industrial Arts) held in Paris in 1925. It combined modernist styles with fine craftsmanship and rich materials. During its heyday, Art Deco represented luxury, glamour, exuberance, and faith in social and technological progress.   Art Deco was a pastiche of many different styles, sometimes contradictory, united by a desire to be modern. From its outset, Art Deco was influenced by the bold geometric forms of Cubism; the bright colors of Fauvism and of the Ballets Russes; the updated craftsmanship of the furniture of the eras of Louis Philippe and Louis XVI; and the exotic styles of China and Japan, India, Persia, ancient Egypt and Maya art. It featured rare and expensive materials, such as ebony and ivory, and exquisite craftsmanship. The Chrysler Building and other skyscrapers of New York built during the 1920s and 1930s are monuments of the Art Deco style.
The Count of Monte Cristo ( French: Le Comte de Monte Cristo ) is an adventure novel by French author Alexandre Dumas. Completed in 1844, it is one of the author's most popular works, along with The Three Musketeers. Like many of his novels, it is expanded from plot outlines suggested by his co-author Auguste Maquet.   The story takes place in France, Italy, islands in the Mediterranean, and in the Levant during the historical events of 1815-1838. It begins from just before the Hundred Days period, when Napoleon returned to power after his exile , and goes through to the time of Louis Philippe of France. The historical setting is a fundamental element of the book. It is an adventure story primarily concerned with themes of hope, justice, revenge , mercy and forgiveness, and is told in the style of an adventure story. It focuses on a man who is wrongfully imprisoned, escapes from prison, gains a fortune and sets about getting revenge on those responsible for his imprisonment. However, his plans have terrible consequences for the innocent as well as the guilty.   Dumas got the idea for The Count of Monte Cristo from a true story, which he found in a memoir written by a man named Jacques Peuchet. Peuchet related the story of a shoemaker named Pierre Picaud, who was living in Paris in 1807. Picaud was engaged to a rich woman, but four envious friends falsely accused him of being a spy for England. He was imprisoned for seven years. During his imprisonment a fellow prisoner told him a treasure hidden in Milan. When Picaud was released in 1814, he took possession of the treasure, returned under another name to Paris and spent ten years plotting his successful revenge.   The book is considered a literary classic today. According to Luc Sante, " The Count of Monte Cristo has become a fixture of western civilization's literature, as inescapable and immediately identifiable as Mickey Mouse, Noah's flood, and the story of Little Red Riding Hood. "
A wireless network is a computer network that uses wireless data connections between network nodes.   Wireless networking is a method by which homes, telecommunications networks and business installations avoid the costly process of introducing cables into a building, or as a connection between various equipment locations. Wireless telecommunications networks are generally implemented and administered using radio communication. This implementation takes place at the physical level (layer) of the OSI model network structure.   Examples of wireless networks include cell phone networks, wireless local area networks (WLANs), wireless sensor networks, satellite communication networks, and terrestrial microwave networks.   The first professional wireless network was developed under the brand ALOHAnet in 1969 at the University of Hawaii and became operational in June 1971. The first commercial wireless network was the WaveLAN product family, developed by NCR in 1986.     Wireless personal area networks (WPANs) internet devices within a relatively small area, that is generally within a person's reach. For example, both Bluetooth radio and invisible infrared light provides a WPAN for interconnecting a headset to a laptop. ZigBee also supports WPAN applications. Wi-Fi PANs are becoming commonplace (2010) as equipment designers start to integrate Wi-Fi into a variety of consumer electronic devices. Intel "My WiFi" and Windows 7 "virtual Wi-Fi" capabilities have made Wi-Fi PANs simpler and easier to set up and configure.
Karl Fleming joined the military because he needed a change in his life. He had a successful career with a shipping company but he wanted to do something more. He found that something in the U.S. army. Fleming began his service in 2009 and never looked back.   A few years later, Fleming volunteered to go to Afghanistan. There, he worked as a bodyguard for the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. He enjoyed it, except for the almost-nightly rocket attacks. Karl was never hit directly by a rocket, but he didn't need to be to feel its effects. The rockets caused severe shaking, shaking so bad that Fleming was left with many injuries. He was also diagnosed with concussions and Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder(PTSD).   Fleming said he was down but not out. Once he returned from Afghanistan, Fleming underwent one test after another. At first, Fleming said he thought he could recover or be able to return to duty and realize his dream of becoming an officer. But then came the news he had never imagined: Fleming would never be an officer because he was too injured to continue.   Fleming said he was depressed after learning his military career was over. Add that to the memory loss, extreme anxiety and the many painful medical procedures he was already experiencing. He rarely ventured outside on the weekend. Instead, he preferred to sleep in. All that changed, however, with Fleming's service dog, Kuchar.   Fleming said he had heard dogs could help people suffering from PTSD, so he started doing research. Karl eventually selected K9s for Warriors, which is where he met Kuchar, a yellow lab. Fleming and Kuchar trained together for weeks, before returning to Fort Benning. K9s for Warriors provided Fleming with Kuchar and the training for free.   Life with Kuchar has been life-changing. Fleming doesn't sleep in any more because Kuchar won't let him. Instead, they venture out into a world Karl was once afraid of -- a world for Fleming that now seems impossible to imagine without Kuchar by his side.
Jewish organizations called for a Romanian official to resign and face a criminal investigation after he wore a Nazi uniform during a fashion show over the weekend.   Radu Mazare, the mayor of the town of Constanta, wore a Nazi uniform during a fashion show over the weekend.   Radu Mazare, the mayor of the town of Constanta, and his 15-year-old son "entered the stage marching the clearly identifiable Nazi 'goose step,'" the Center for Monitoring and Combating anti-Semitism in Romania said in a letter to the country's prosecutor general.   The organization's director, Marco Katz, said Mazare had broken Romanian law and encouraged his son to do the same, "educating him to treat the law with contempt."   Katz said Mazare was sending a message "that to wear Nazi uniforms and to march the Nazi steps is legal and 'in vogue' in Romania."   He urged the authorities and the head of Mazare's Social Democrat party to show that message "will be strongly countermanded."   Mazare, 41, said he had not noticed the Nazi swastika symbol on the uniform before he wore it, according to the Romanian Times newspaper.   "I checked it before I put it on but the swastika was very small and I didn't see it," he said. "I really liked the look of the uniform after seeing it in the Tom Cruise film 'Valkyrie.' I bought it from a costume hire shop in Germany."   A top Nazi hunter said Mazare should quit.   "The proper thing for you to do is to admit your mistake, apologize for it and resign your position," Efraim Zuroff of the Simon Wiesenthal Center in Jerusalem wrote to Mazare. Zuroff sent CNN a copy of the letter. 
Koninklijke Philips N.V. (Koninklijke Philips N.V. of the Netherland, Philips), (stylized as PHILIPS) is a Dutch technology company headquartered in Amsterdam with primary divisions focused in the areas of electronics, healthcare and lighting. It was founded in Eindhoven in 1891, by Gerard Philips and his father Frederik. It is one of the largest electronics companies in the world and employs around 105,000 people across more than 60 countries.   Philips is organized into three main divisions: Philips Consumer Lifestyle (formerly Philips Consumer Electronics and Philips Domestic Appliances and Personal Care), Philips Healthcare (formerly Philips Medical Systems) and Philips Lighting. , Philips was the largest manufacturer of lighting in the world measured by applicable revenues. In 2013, the company announced the sale of the bulk of its remaining consumer electronics to Japan's Funai Electric Co, but in October 2013, the deal to Funai Electric Co was broken off and the consumer electronics operations remain under Philips. Philips said it would seek damages for breach of contract in the US$200-million sale. In April 2016, the International Court of Arbitration ruled in favour of Philips, awarding compensation of €135 million in the process.   Philips has a primary listing on the Euronext Amsterdam stock exchange and is a component of the Euro Stoxx 50 stock market index. It has a secondary listing on the New York Stock Exchange.
Memphis is a city in the southwestern corner of the U.S. state of Tennessee and the county seat of Shelby County. The city is located on the fourth Chickasaw Bluff, south of the confluence of the Wolf and Mississippi rivers.   Memphis had a population of 652,717 in 2016, making it the second largest city in the state of Tennessee after Nashville. The greater Memphis metropolitan area, including adjacent counties in Mississippi and Arkansas, had a 2014 population of 1,317,314. This makes Memphis the second-largest metropolitan area in Tennessee, surpassed by metropolitan Nashville.   Memphis is the youngest of Tennessee's major cities, founded in 1819 as a planned city by a group of wealthy Americans including judge John Overton and future president Andrew Jackson. A resident of Memphis is referred to as a Memphian, and the Memphis region is known, particularly to media outlets, as Memphis and the Mid-South.   Occupying a substantial bluff rising from the Mississippi River, the site of Memphis has been a natural location for human settlement by varying cultures over thousands of years. The area was known to be settled in the first millennium AD. by people of the Mississippian Culture, who had a network of communities throughout the Mississippi River Valley and its tributaries and built earthwork ceremonial and burial mounds. The historic Chickasaw Indian tribe, believed to be their descendants, later occupied the site. French explorers led by René-Robert Cavelier, Sieur de La Salle and Spanish explorer Hernando de Soto encountered the Chickasaw tribe in that area, in the 16th century.
Jack is a twenty-year-old young man. Two years ago, when he finished middle school, he found work in a shop. Usually he works until ten o'clock in the evening. He is very tired when he gets home. After a quick supper he goes to bed and soon falls asleep. His grandma who lives downstairs is satisfied with him. One day, on his way home, he met Mary. They were both happy. He asked the girl to his house, she agreed happily. He bought some fruit and drinks for her. And they talked about their school, teachers, classmates and their future . They talked for a long time. "Have a look at your watch, please," said the girl. "What time is it now?" "Sorry, something is wrong with my watch," said Jack. "Where's yours?" "I left it at home." Jack thought for a moment and found a way. He began to stamp his foot on the floor, "Bang! Bang! Bang!" The sound woke his grandma up. The old woman shouted downstairs, "It's twelve o'clock in the night, Jack. Why are you still jumping upstairs?" ,.
During the years after the terrorist attack on the World Trade Center, structural engineers have been trying hard to solve a question that would otherwise have been completely unthinkable: Can building be designed to stand catastrophic blasts by terrorists?   Soon after the terrorist attacks on the twin towers, structural engineers from the University at Buffalo and the Multidisciplinary Center for Earthquake Engineering Research (MCEER) traveled to ground zero as part of a project funded by the National Science Foundation. They spent two days beginning the task of formulating ideas about how to design such structures and to search for clues on how to do so in buildings that were damaged, but still are standing.   "Our objective in visiting ground zero was to go and look at the buildings surrounding the World Trade Center, those buildings that are still standing, but that sustained damage," said M. Bruneau, Ph.D. "Our immediate hope is that we can develop a better understanding as to why those buildings remain standing, while our long-term goal is to see whether earthquake engineering technologies can be married to existing technologies to achieve enhanced performance of buildings in the event of terrorist attacks," he added.   Photographs taken by the investigators demonstrate the monumental damage to the World Trade Center towers and buildings nearby. One building a block away from the towers remains standing, but was badly damaged. "This building is many meters away from the World Trade Center and yet we see a column there that used to be part of that building," explained A. Whittaker, Ph.D. "The column became a missile that shot across the road, through the window and through the floor."   The visit to the area also brought some surprises, according to the engineers. For example, the floor framing system in one of the buildings was quite strong , allowing floors that were pierced by tons of falling debris to survive. "Good framing systems may provide a simple, but reliable strategy for blast resistance," he added. Other strategies may include providing alternate paths for gravity loads in the event that a load-bearing column fails. "We also need a better understanding of the mechanism of collapse," said A. Whittaker. "We need to find out what causes a building to collapse and how you can predict it."   A. Reinhorn, Ph.D. noted that "earthquake shaking has led to the collapse of buildings in the past. Solutions developed for earthquake-resistant design may apply to blast engineering and terrorist-resistant design. Part of our mission now is to transfer these solutions and to develop new ones where none exist at present."
The corridor windows at the Hangzhou Entel Foreign Language School look a bit different from other schools. They are all decorated with beautiful paper cutting art. But they are not just for decoration. They are also to stop birds from flying into windows. Chen Zitong, 14, a Junior 3 student at the school came up with the idea. In early January, she wrote a letter to the headmaster and suggested this. She often saw birds fly into the clean windows and get hurt. After some online research, she found this solution. "Some people decorated windows with stickers or posters. Then I thought of replacing them with our traditional paper cutting art," Chen said. To Chen's surprise, the headmaster took her advice. The school organized a paper cutting art competition. Students' works that got awards were pasted on the corridor windows. In fact, there have been paper cutting art classes since 2011. "We have classes once a week for a month to teach paper cutting," said Fan Ming, an art teacher. The teaching building even has a display wall to show students' works. Through the class, Shi Jiawei, 14, fell in love with the art of paper cutting. "It's very fun. I can design my own patterns and present interesting things through it," she said. She created many works like bears and magpies . Paper cutting also helps students become more patient. Wang Yiyou, 12, was once an active boy. But now, he can carefully design a delicate paper cutting work with scissors and gravers . "I am so proud that I can make it look perfect," he said. (By Wu Qian, 21st Century Teens Staff)
Zeus (; "Zeús" ) is the sky and thunder god in ancient Greek religion, who ruled as king of the gods of Mount Olympus. His name is cognate with the first element of his Roman equivalent Jupiter. His mythologies and powers are similar, though not identical, to those of Indo-European deities such as Indra, Jupiter, Perun, Thor, and Odin.   Zeus is the child of Cronus and Rhea, the youngest of his siblings to be born, though sometimes reckoned the eldest as the others required disgorging from Cronus's stomach. In most traditions, he is married to Hera, by whom he is usually said to have fathered Ares, Hebe, and Hephaestus. At the oracle of Dodona, his consort was said to be Dione, by whom the "Iliad" states that he fathered Aphrodite. Zeus was also infamous for his erotic escapades. These resulted in many godly and heroic offspring, including Athena, Apollo, Artemis, Hermes, Persephone, Dionysus, Perseus, Heracles, Helen of Troy, Minos, and the Muses.   He was respected as an allfather who was chief of the gods and assigned the others to their roles: "Even the gods who are not his natural children address him as Father, and all the gods rise in his presence." He was equated with many foreign weather gods, permitting Pausanias to observe "That Zeus is king in heaven is a saying common to all men". Zeus' symbols are the thunderbolt, eagle, bull, and oak. In addition to his Indo-European inheritance, the classical "cloud-gatherer" (Greek: , "Nephelēgereta") also derives certain iconographic traits from the cultures of the ancient Near East, such as the scepter. Zeus is frequently depicted by Greek artists in one of two poses: standing, striding forward with a thunderbolt leveled in his raised right hand, or seated in majesty.
A former Microsoft executive and his son were aboard a turboprop airline that crashed Friday morning into two houses in East Haven, Connecticut, a family member told CNN.   There has been "no official confirmation or positive identification" that Bill Henningsgaard and his son were on board, but there is no reason to believe that it was not the two of them, his brother, Blair Henningsgaard, said.   Also feared dead in the crash were two children -- ages 1 and 13 -- in one house, East Haven Mayor Joseph Maturo Jr. said. The other house was unoccupied.   National Transportation Safety Board investigators cannot confirm the number of people killed, saying there are reports of four to six people dead.   Connecticut Gov. Dannel Malloy said there could be as many as five people killed in the crash, including up to three people on the plane.   But Blair Henningsgaard said only his brother and his nephew were believed to be on the plane.   Two bodies were seen inside the home but haven't been recovered because the home is unstable, East Haven Fire Chief Douglas Jackson said at a press conference Friday afternoon.   Fire consumed both houses, preventing firefighters from searching for victims, Jackson said, and the basement in the home holding at least two victims was filled with water.   Maturo said the children were in one house with their mother when the plane struck shortly before 11:30 a.m. The mother escaped, he said.   "It's ... total devastation in the back of the home," Maturo said. 
The Caucasus or Caucasia is a region situated at the border of Eastern Europe and Western Asia, situated between the Black Sea and the Caspian Sea. It is home to the Caucasus Mountains, which contain Europe's highest mountain, Mount Elbrus, , located on the west of the Greater Caucasus mountain range. The Greater Caucasus acts as a natural barrier separating Europe from Southwest Asia, the latter including the Transcaucasus and Anatolia regions.   The Caucasus region is separated between northern and southern partsthe North Caucasus and Transcaucasus, respectively. The Greater Caucasus range in the north is within the Russian Federation, while the Lesser Caucasus to the south is divided between several independent states, namely Georgia, Armenia, Azerbaijan. The Transcaucasus extends eastwards to the Caspian Sea and northwestern Iran, and extends westwards into northeastern Turkey.   The region is known for its linguistic diversity: aside from Indo-European and Turkic languages, the Kartvelian, Northwest Caucasian, and Northeast Caucasian families are indigenous to the area.   Pliny the Elder's "Natural History" (77–79 AD) derives the name of the Caucasus from Scythian "kroy-khasis" ("ice-shining, white with snow"). German linguist Paul Kretschmer notes that the Latvian word "Kruvesis" also means "ice".   In the "Tale of Past Years" (1113 AD), it is stated that Old East Slavic Кавкасийскыѣ горы ("Kavkasijskyě gory") came from Ancient Greek Καύκασος ("Kafkasos"), which, according to M. A. Yuyukin, is a compound word that can be interpreted as the "Seagull's Mountain" (καύ-: καύαξ, καύηξ, ηκος ο, κήξ, κηϋξ "a kind of seagull" + the reconstructed *κάσος η "mountain" or "rock" richly attested both in place and personal names.)
LOS ANGELES - Jesus Ibarra was puzzled by the elderly man.   He was obviously much older than other students at prefix = st1 /CentralAultHigh School. And he was an Anglo on a campus where most students are Latins, Blacks, and Asian - Americans.   "I asked myself what he was doing here," said Ibarra, 21, of Los Angeles. "I thought he was a visitor. The first time I talked to him, I asked a question in English, and he answered in Spanish. I thought he was white and Jewish. I never imagined that he would speak Spanish."   Jacob Blitzstein surprised his fellow students all the time. He isn't some _ man, though he wears his neat gray beard and conservative (traditional) clothes.   Blitzstein is warm and gregarious (enjoys being with others). He likes to hear a good joke and loves to tell a good story. He is determined, especially when it comes to realizing his dream.   Recently, that dream came true. At a graduation ceremony attended by two of his children and three grandchildren, Blitzstein, 81, graduated from high school.   After Principal Lanny Nelms handed him the diploma and announced his age, Blitzstein waved to the audience and cried.   And why not? He's probably the oldest CentralHigh Schoolgraduate since the school opened in 1974. According to theLos Angelesdistrict spokesman, although no records of such things are kept, Blitzstein is the oldest graduate he's ever heard of.   Earning his diploma took 10 years, during which the retired store owner suffered heart attack and ill health, and lost his wife and two brothers.   He kept to his task for a reason. "School is the best medicine you can have," he said. "You have something on your mind - a goal."   With his diploma in hand, Blitzstein states that _ .   "You know something ? I'm going to college," He told a visitor recently. He has checked out West Los Angeles and Santa Monicacommunity colleges and hopes to move from there to a four-year school.   "It's not a joke," he said. "If I live to the year 2008, maybe I'll be a doctor."
The United States Coast Guard (USCG) is a branch of the United States Armed Forces and one of the country's seven uniformed services. The Coast Guard is a maritime, military, multi-mission service unique among the U.S. military branches for having a maritime law enforcement mission (with jurisdiction in both domestic and international waters) and a federal regulatory agency mission as part of its mission set. It operates under the U.S. Department of Homeland Security during peacetime, and can be transferred to the U.S. Department of the Navy by the U.S. President at any time, or by the U.S. Congress during times of war. This has happened twice, in 1917, during World War I, and in 1941, during World War II.   Created by Congress on 4 August 1790 at the request of Alexander Hamilton as the Revenue Marine, it is the oldest continuous seagoing service of the United States. As Secretary of the Treasury, Hamilton headed the Revenue Marine, whose original purpose was collecting customs duties in the nation's seaports. By the 1860s, the service was known as the U.S. Revenue Cutter Service and the term Revenue Marine gradually fell into disuse.   The modern Coast Guard was formed by a merger of the Revenue Cutter Service and the U.S. Life-Saving Service on 28 January 1915, under the U.S. Department of the Treasury. As one of the country's five armed services, the Coast Guard has been involved in every U.S. war from 1790 to the Iraq War and the War in Afghanistan. the Coast Guard had over 36,000 men and women on active duty, 7,350 reservists, 29,620 auxiliarists, and 7,064 full-time civilian employees. In terms of size, the U.S. Coast Guard by itself is the world's 12th largest naval force.
"Food in France is still primarily about pleasure,"says Mark Singer, technical director of cuisine at Le Cordon Bleu in Paris."Cooking and eating are both pastimes and pleasure."The French might start their day with bread, butter, jam, and perhaps something hot to drink -- it's a time of the day when the whole family can be united. Singer, born in Philadelphia, has lived in France for more than 40 years.   "Although things have changed greatly in the past 20 years when it comes to food in the country,"he says,"and what was a big affair with eating has been slowly softened up, there are still events in the year, like birthdays and New Year's Eve and Christmas Eve that are still really anchored in traditional food and cooking. But it's not every day."   Some people think French food life may be a performance, adds Jennifer Berg, director of graduate food studies at New York University."They want to believe that France is this nation where people are spending five hours a day going to 12 different markets to get their food. The reality is most croissants are factory-made, and most people are buying convenience food, except for the very small group of people in high society. But part of our identity relies on believing that myth."   In Italy, as in France, takeout is still ly rare."Eating fast is not at all part of our culture,"says Marco Bolasco, editorial director of Slow Food and an Italian food expert. Our meals are relaxed, even during a lunch break. Food in Italy is love, and nutrition, and pleasure, he says. An Italian child's first experience with food is not small round cakes or rice or eggs, but probably ice cream, notes Bolasco. Status and wealth play less of a role in food.
A story this week by the Associated Press has caused quite a stir, especially among African-Americans, when multiple news outlets ran it with the attention-grabbing headline, "Some black pastors are telling their flocks to stay home Election Day."   The New York Daily News ran the story, along with the Fort Worth Star-Telegram, Newsday, and a host of conservative websites such as HotAir and NewsMax.   When I first saw the headline, I was stunned, especially knowing the blood that has been shed over the years by African-Americans and others to gain the precious right to vote.   I read the more than 1,300-word story by Rachel Zoll, with a contribution from Bill Barrow. The first line was "Some black clergy see no good presidential choice between a Mormon candidate and one who supports gay marriage, so they are telling their flocks to stay home on Election Day."   Nothing in the story legitimately backed up that first line. Anybody who had read the full article would know that.   In reading the piece, Zoll and Barrow quote or mention pastors A.R. Bernard, Jamal Bryant, George Nelson Jr., Floyd James, and Howard-John Wesley, Lin Hill and Dwight McKissic.   Politics: Is Obama taking black vote for granted?   Not a single one of these pastors was quoted as saying they have or plan to tell their congregations not to vote in the presidential election. Not one.   Several expressed misgivings about President Barack Obama's support for same-sex marriage, and others had negative thoughts about Mitt Romney being a Mormon or the effect of his policies on their congregants. One said he hasn't decided whom he will vote for, and McKissic said he'll go fishing on Election Day. 
The kids were playing outside. They were drawing with chalk. They drew many things with the chalk. One of those things was a star. There was nothing else for them to do because it was the weekend. Then they stopped drawing with the chalk a little later. They did not want to go on because they were tired. They walked a little then started to splash by the lake that was nearby instead. They thought it was a good idea because it was a hot day. They played for hours. They were making a lot of noise and laughing and talking. They went home. They did this because they were very tired. They all ate some bread. They were now quiet. They couldn't have anything else to eat until their mother called them for dinner. They waited and did not say a word. They were resting. Soon it would be time for the family meal.
To unambiguously specify the date, dual dating or Old Style (O.S.) and New Style (N.S.) are sometimes used with dates. Dual dating uses two consecutive years because of differences in the starting date of the year, or includes both the Julian and Gregorian dates. Old Style and New Style (N.S.) indicate either whether the start of the Julian year has been adjusted to start on 1 January (N.S.) even though documents written at the time use a different start of year (O.S.), or whether a date conforms to the Julian calendar (O.S.) rather than the Gregorian (N.S.).   The Gregorian calendar was a reform of the Julian calendar instituted in 1582 by Pope Gregory XIII, after whom the calendar was named, by papal bull Inter gravissimas dated 24 February 1582. The motivation for the adjustment was to bring the date for the celebration of Easter to the time of year in which it was celebrated when it was introduced by the early Church. Although a recommendation of the First Council of Nicaea in 325 specified that all Christians should celebrate Easter on the same day, it took almost five centuries before virtually all Christians achieved that objective by adopting the rules of the Church of Alexandria (see Easter for the issues which arose).
Police in Texas used a Taser on a 42-year-old pastor and pepper spray to disperse members of his church after police said the pastor interfered with a traffic stop.   Jose Moran was arrested early Wednesday morning after interfering with the duties of a public servant in the parking lot of a Webster, Texas, building that is being remodeled for the Iglesias Profetica Peniel Church, Webster police said in a written statement.   Moran's son, Omar, said his father had been trying to help. He added that his father has heart problems.   Moran approached an officer who was handling a traffic stop in the church's parking lot on Wednesday morning, police said.   Moran identified himself as the church's pastor and began yelling at the officer, police said.   The officer told Moran to leave several times, but Moran did not, police said. The officer then tried to arrest him. But Moran pushed the officer and ran into the church building, police said.   Moran's son said after his father asked the officer if he could help, the officer began yelling. The son said his father went back inside the church.   The officer followed him and kicked in the church door, he said. The pastor came outside, and a second officer used his Taser twice on the pastor, the younger Moran said.   The son's account differs from the police version of events. Police said Moran emerged from the church building with dozens of other people who subsequently surrounded the officer.   The officer used pepper spray to disperse the crowd, the statement said. 
A public university is a university that is predominantly funded by public means through a national or subnational government, as opposed to private universities. Whether a national university is considered public varies from one country (or region) to another, largely depending on the specific education landscape.   In Egypt, Al-Azhar University opened in 975 AD as the second oldest university in the world. It was followed by a lot of universities opened as public universities in the 20th century such as Cairo University (1908), Alexandria University (1912), Assiut University (1928), Ain Shams University (1957), Helwan University (1959), Beni-Suef University (1963), Benha University (1965), Zagazig University (1978), Suez Canal University (1989), where tuition fees are totally subsidized by the Government.   In Nigeria Public Universities can be established by both the Federal Government and by State Governments. Examples include the University of Lagos, Obafemi Awolowo University, University of Ibadan, University of Benin, University of Nigeria, Ahmadu Bello University, Abia State University, Abubakar Tafawa Balewa University, Gombe State University, Nnamdi Azikiwe University, Federal University of Technology Yola, University of Maiduguri, Usmanu Danfodiyo University, University of Jos, Ladoke Akintola University of Technology, University of Ilorin   In Kenya, the Ministry of Education controls all of the public universities. Students are enrolled after completing the 8-4-4 system of education and attaining a mark of C+ or above. Students who meet the criteria determined annually by the Kenya Universities and Colleges Central Placement Service (KUCCPS) receive government sponsorship, as part of their university or college fee is catered for by the government. They are also eligible for a low interest loan from the Higher Education Loan Board. They are expected to pay back the loan after completing higher education.
Prison Break is a huge hit thanks to its handsome star,Wentworth Miller. His actor, Michael Scofield, is the engine that drives the show.   Michael Scofield is one of the most interesting personalities on television today. But what about the man behind the character?   Miller,35,is a hard guy to figure out. He does not come from a normal background and has never lived his life in a typical way.   Milier didn't take a direct path to fame and fortune. He graduated from Princeton University in 1995,not with a degree in theatre or film, but in English. He didn't even act when he was in college. His only performance experience was in his university's singing group. Yet, at graduation Miller still decided to make the move to prefix = st1 /Hollywood.   Miller has always been different. Although he is American, he was born in Britainwhen his father was studying there. His family background is also a special mix of cultures. "My father is black and my mother is white. That means I have always been caught in the middle. I could be either one, which can make you feel out of place," Miller says.   Following his unusual path,Miller did not start trying out for films and TV shows when he first got to Hollywood. Instead, he worked as a lowly production assistant. Not what you would expect from a Princeton graduate. However, _ .   In 2002,Miller played a role in the drama Dinotopia. He starred as a thoughtful and shy man. Producers remembered his performance when they were castingPrison Breaktwo years later. With a golden globe nomination and another season of Prison Breakon his resume ,Miller seems ready to take over all of Hollywood.
On Nikola Tesla's 158th birthday, it was the effort to build a museum in the influential scientist's honor that got the gift.   Elon Musk, the magnate and inventor behind electric-car company Tesla Motors, has pledged $1 million to the Tesla Science Center in Shoreham, New York, on the site of Wardenclyffe, Tesla's only remaining laboratory.   And it's all due, at least in large part, to an appeal from a webcomic creator.   Matthew Inman, whose comic and website the Oatmeal draws millions of readers each month, wrote Thursday that he had spoken to Musk and confirmed the pledge.   "So, I had a call with Elon Musk earlier this week ..." Inman wrote on his site.   He said Musk, who named his car company as a tribute to the inventor, told him two things during the phone call: that he would install a Tesla charging station in the museum's parking lot and that he'll donate the million to the effort to fully restore and operate it.   Jane Alcorn, president of the Tesla Science Center, announced the pledge at a birthday party at the center on Thursday.   "(Musk) has challenged us at the center to use our resources wisely, find additional resources, and reach our goal of creating this museum," she said. "We are excited and extremely grateful for Mr. Musk's generous gift to Tesla Science Center, and also to Matthew Inman for arranging the opportunity."   The Tesla Science Center had confirmed the news on its Twitter feed earlier.   "Elon Musk: from the deepest wells of my geeky little heart: thank you," Inman wrote. "This is amazing news. And it's Nikola Tesla's 158th birthday. Happy Nikola Tesla Day." 
The Portuguese Empire (), also known as the Portuguese Overseas ("Ultramar Português"), was one of the largest and longest-lived empires in world history and the first colonial empire of the Renaissance. It existed for almost six centuries from the capture of Ceuta in 1415 to the handover of Portuguese Macau to China in 1999.   The first era of the Portuguese empire originated at the beginning of the Age of Discovery. Initiated by the Kingdom of Portugal, it would eventually expand across the globe. Portuguese sailors began exploring the coast of Africa and the Atlantic archipelagos in 1418–19, using recent developments in navigation, cartography and maritime technology such as the caravel, in order that they might find a sea route to the source of the lucrative spice trade. In 1488, Bartolomeu Dias rounded the Cape of Good Hope, and in 1498, Vasco da Gama reached India. In 1500, either by an accidental landfall or by the crown's secret design, Pedro Álvares Cabral discovered Brazil on the South American coast.   Over the following decades, Portuguese sailors continued to explore the coasts and islands of East Asia, establishing forts and factories as they went. By 1571, a string of naval outposts connected Lisbon to Nagasaki along the coasts of Africa, the Middle East, India and South Asia. This commercial network and the colonial trade had a substantial positive impact on Portuguese economic growth (1500-1800), when it accounted for about a fifth of Portugal's per capita income.
Mr. Zhang, our geography teacher, held a map of the world and asked us where we would like to travel. Li Ming said, "I like countries with an interesting history, such as China, Egypt, Greece and Italy. They are all old countries with a long history. You can see many old buildings in these countries, such as the Great Wall, the Pyramids and the Acropolis ." The teacher asked, "Do you want to go to places with beautiful beaches?" Yang Ying said, "Of course. It's pleasant to visit places with fine weather and beautiful beaches. For example, the U.S.A., Australia and Malaysia have beautiful beaches." Shanshan said, "I know many countries in Southeast Asia have beautiful beaches. But I like visiting countries where the people are very friendly and helpful to visitors." Mr. Zhang said, "Remember: hotel, food and souvenirs always cost us much money. So we should make a good plan before we go to visit other countries." ,.
Theoretical physics is a branch of physics that employs mathematical models and abstractions of physical objects and systems to rationalize, explain and predict natural phenomena. This is in contrast to experimental physics, which uses experimental tools to probe these phenomena.   The advancement of science generally depends on the interplay between experimental studies and theory. In some cases, theoretical physics adheres to standards of mathematical rigor while giving little weight to experiments and observations. For example, while developing special relativity, Albert Einstein was concerned with the Lorentz transformation which left Maxwell's equations invariant, but was apparently uninterested in the Michelson–Morley experiment on Earth's drift through a luminiferous ether. Conversely, Einstein was awarded the Nobel Prize for explaining the photoelectric effect, previously an experimental result lacking a theoretical formulation.   A physical theory is a model of physical events. It is judged by the extent to which its predictions agree with empirical observations. The quality of a physical theory is also judged on its ability to make new predictions which can be verified by new observations. A physical theory differs from a mathematical theorem in that while both are based on some form of axioms, judgment of mathematical applicability is not based on agreement with any experimental results. A physical theory similarly differs from a mathematical theory, in the sense that the word "theory" has a different meaning in mathematical terms. A physical theory involves one or more relationships between various measurable quantities. Archimedes realized that a ship floats by displacing its mass of water, Pythagoras understood the relation between the length of a vibrating string and the musical tone it produces. Other examples include entropy as a measure of the uncertainty regarding the positions and motions of unseen particles and the quantum mechanical idea that (action and) energy are not continuously variable.
The former Victoria University of Manchester, now the University of Manchester, was founded in 1851 as Owens College. In 1880, the college joined the federal Victoria University, gaining an independent university charter in 1904 as the Victoria University of Manchester after the collapse of the federal university.   On 1 October 2004, the Victoria University of Manchester merged with the University of Manchester Institute of Science and Technology (UMIST) to form a new, larger entity, and the new university was named the University of Manchester.   The university was founded in 1851 as Owens College, named after John Owens, a textile merchant, who left a bequest of £96,942 for the purpose. Its first accommodation was at Cobden House on Quay Street, Manchester, in a house which had been the residence of Richard Cobden. In 1859, Owens College was approved as a provincial examination centre for matriculation candidates of the University of London. As the college progressed it became inadequate so a move to Chorlton on Medlock was planned in 1871. Alfred Waterhouse was the architect of the new college building, west of Oxford Road, which was opened in 1873. Owens College became the first affiliate college of the federal Victoria University in 1880. In 1884, University College Liverpool also joined the Victoria University, followed in 1887 by the Yorkshire College in Leeds.
Hollywood is a neighborhood in the central region of Los Angeles, California. This ethnically diverse, densely populated neighborhood is notable as the home of the U.S. film industry, including several of its historic studios, and its name has come to be a shorthand reference for the industry and the people in it.   Hollywood was a small community in 1870 and was incorporated as a municipality in 1903. It was consolidated with the city of Los Angeles in 1910, and soon thereafter a prominent film industry emerged, eventually becoming the most recognizable film industry in the world.   In 1853, one adobe hut stood in Nopalera (Nopal field), named for the Mexican Nopal cactus indigenous to the area. By 1870, an agricultural community flourished. The area was known as the Cahuenga Valley, after the pass in the Santa Monica Mountains immediately to the north.   According to the diary of H. J. Whitley, known as the "Father of Hollywood," on his honeymoon in 1886 he stood at the top of the hill looking out over the valley. Along came a Chinese man in a wagon carrying wood. The man got out of the wagon and bowed. The Chinese man was asked what he was doing and replied, "I holly-wood," meaning 'hauling wood.' H. J. Whitley had an epiphany and decided to name his new town Hollywood. "Holly" would represent England and "wood" would represent his Scottish heritage. Whitley had already started over 100 towns across the western United States.
There was once a young bear who lived in a small cave in the woods. His cave was comfy, warm, and dark, and had a bit of a yard in front of it. The bear lived with his mother and father, and spent his days walking around and his nights curled up asleep. He liked to look for berries to eat. His favorite berries were blueberries, but he would eat any berries he found: strawberries, raspberries, cherries, anything.   There was a river near the bear's cave, and he loved to sit on the bank and look at the fish and frogs, and at his own reflection in the water. One sunny afternoon, when he was looking into the river, he saw a family of ducks swimming by. He got up and followed them. They swam along in the river, and he walked along the bank. They traveled like this until they reached a small clearing in the forest. The bear stopped and looked around, and saw that the clearing was completely filled with blueberries -- more than he had ever seen!   The young bear ate his fill of blueberries, then took home as many as he could carry in his paws. He went to bed happy. It was a wonderful day.
It's Sunday. Children don't go to school on Sundays. But Kate gets up early in the morning. "It's my birthday. I'm eight years old today." she thinks, "Where are Dad and Mum? I want to know what they can give me for my birthday." Her father and mother are not at home. They are going shopping. And now they are talking about what to buy for Kate. ---- Dad: How about the doll? It looks nice. I think Kate would like the doll. ---- Mom: I don't think so. She is not a little girl. I think she likes a new dress. Girls often like new dresses very much. ---Dad: But she has a few new dresses and some new blouses. Oh, I think she must be very happy to have a box of colorful pencils and some picture books. Do you think so? ----- Mom: Yes. Let's go over there and buy them.
Uttar Pradesh (), abbreviated as UP, is the most populous state in the Republic of India as well as the most populous country subdivision in the world. The densely populated state, located in the northern region of the Indian subcontinent, has over 200 million inhabitants. It was created on 1 April 1937 as the United Provinces during British rule, and was renamed "Uttar Pradesh" in 1950. Lucknow is the capital city of Uttar Pradesh. The main ethnic group is the Hindi people, forming the demographic plurality. On 9 November 2000, a new state, Uttarakhand, was carved out from the Himalayan hill region of Uttar Pradesh.   The state is bordered by Rajasthan to the west, Haryana, Himachal Pradesh and Delhi to the northwest, Uttarakhand and Nepal to the north, Bihar to the east, Madhya Pradesh to the south, and touches the states of Jharkhand and Chhattisgarh to the southeast. It covers , equal to 7.33% of the total area of India, and is the fourth largest Indian state by area. Hindi is the official and most widely spoken language in its 75 districts along with English. It is the second largest Indian state by economy, with a GDP of . Agriculture and service industries are the largest parts of the state's economy. The service sector comprises travel and tourism, hotel industry, real estate, insurance and financial consultancies.
The fiber is most often spun into yarn or thread and used to make a soft, breathable textile. The use of cotton for fabric is known to date to prehistoric times; fragments of cotton fabric dated from 5000 BC have been excavated in Mexico and the Indus Valley Civilization in Ancient India (modern-day Pakistan and some parts of India). Although cultivated since antiquity, it was the invention of the cotton gin that lowered the cost of production that led to its widespread use, and it is the most widely used natural fiber cloth in clothing today.   The earliest evidence of cotton use in South Asia has been found at the site of Mehrgarh, Pakistan, where cotton threads have been found preserved in copper beads; these finds have been dated to Neolithic (between 6000 and 5000 BCE). Cotton cultivation in the region is dated to the Indus Valley Civilization, which covered parts of modern eastern Pakistan and northwestern India between 3300 and 1300 BCE The Indus cotton industry was well-developed and some methods used in cotton spinning and fabrication continued to be used until the industrialization of India. Between 2000 and 1000 BC cotton became widespread across much of India. For example, it has been found at the site of Hallus in Karnataka dating from around 1000 BC.
Joey got a German Shepherd for his birthday present. He had never had any pets before, but was always excited to see the other dogs and cats in his neighborhood. Since his birthday was in June, he spent a lot of time playing outside with his new puppy, which he named Max. Max and Joey would often run through fields in a game of chase. They also liked to go through the small forest behind the house, making a game of hide and seek. They never went near the lake because Joey was afraid of water. One day, Max hid a little too well and Joey couldn't find him. Joey spent the afternoon looking for his German Shepherd where they often played, like the field and forest. Joey was a shy boy who often read by himself, and Max was his best friend. After dinner, he went to look for Max one last time before he had to take a bath and go to bed. He heard some barking on the next street, so he ran to see if it was his puppy. Sure enough, he saw Max playing with a poodle. The dogs were having so much fun. Joey brought Max home, happy that he had his puppy back. Max seemed to be happy to have his human by his side as well as a new doggy friend. All summer long, Joey took Max to the poodle's house so they could play without having to worry about losing his present.
The Dictionary of National Biography (DNB) is a standard work of reference on notable figures from British history, published from 1885. The updated Oxford Dictionary of National Biography (ODNB) was published on 23 September 2004 in 60 volumes and online, with 50,113 biographical articles covering 54,922 lives.   Seeking to emulate national biographical collections published elsewhere in Europe, such as the "Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie" (1875), in 1882 the publisher George Smith (1824–1901), of Smith, Elder & Co., planned a universal dictionary that would include biographical entries on individuals from world history. He approached Leslie Stephen, then editor of the "Cornhill Magazine", owned by Smith, to become editor. Stephen persuaded Smith that the work should focus on subjects from the UK and its present and former colonies only. An early working title was the "Biographia Britannica", the name of an earlier eighteenth-century reference work.   The first volume of the "Dictionary of National Biography" appeared on 1 January 1885. In May 1891 Leslie Stephen resigned and Sidney Lee, Stephen's assistant editor from the beginning of the project, succeeded him as editor. A dedicated team of sub-editors and researchers worked under Stephen and Lee, combining a variety of talents from veteran journalists to young scholars who cut their academic teeth on dictionary articles at a time when postgraduate historical research in British universities was still in its infancy. While much of the dictionary was written in-house, the "DNB" also relied on external contributors, who included several respected writers and scholars of the late nineteenth century. By 1900, more than 700 individuals had contributed to the work. Successive volumes appeared quarterly with complete punctuality until midsummer 1900, when the series closed with volume 63. The year of publication, the editor and the range of names in each volume is given below.
The Bank of England, formally the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, is the central bank of the United Kingdom and the model on which most modern central banks have been based. Established in 1694, it is the second oldest central bank in operation today, after the Sveriges Riksbank. The Bank of England is the world's 8th oldest bank. It was established to act as the English Government's banker and is still one of the bankers for the Government of the United Kingdom. The Bank was privately owned by stockholders from its foundation in 1694 until it was nationalised in 1946.   In 1998, it became an independent public organisation, wholly owned by the Treasury Solicitor on behalf of the government, with independence in setting monetary policy.   The Bank is one of eight banks authorised to issue banknotes in the United Kingdom, but it has a monopoly on the issue of banknotes in England and Wales and regulates the issue of banknotes by commercial banks in Scotland and Northern Ireland.   The Bank's Monetary Policy Committee has a devolved responsibility for managing monetary policy. The Treasury has reserve powers to give orders to the committee "if they are required in the public interest and by extreme economic circumstances", but such orders must be endorsed by Parliament within 28 days. The Bank's Financial Policy Committee held its first meeting in June 2011 as a macro prudential regulator to oversee regulation of the UK's financial sector.
700 (seven hundred) is the natural number following 699 and preceding 701.   It is the sum of four consecutive primes (167 + 173 + 179 + 181). It is a Harshad number.   700 is also: 700 — see above 701 prime number, sum of three consecutive primes (229 + 233 + 239), Chen prime, Eisenstein prime with no imaginary part 702 = 2 × 3 × 13, pronic number, nontotient, Harshad number 703 = 19 × 37, triangular number, hexagonal number, smallest number requiring 73 fifth powers for Waring representation, Kaprekar number, area code for Northern Virginia along with 571, a number commonly found in the formula for body mass index 704 = 2 × 11, Harshad number, area code for the Charlotte, NC area. 705 = 3 × 5 × 47, sphenic number, smallest Lucas pseudoprime 706 = 2 × 353, nontotient, Smith number 707 = 7 × 101, sum of five consecutive primes (131 + 137 + 139 + 149 + 151), palindromic number 708 = 2 × 3 × 59 709 is a prime number. It is also a happy number. 710 = 2 × 5 × 71, sphenic number, nontotient 711 = 3 × 79, Harshad number. Also the phone number of Telecommunications Relay Service, commonly used by the deaf and hard-of-hearing. 712 = 2 × 89, sum of the first twenty-one primes, totient sum for first 48 integers. It is the largest known number such that it and its 8th power (66,045,000,696,445,844,586,496) have no common digits. 713 = 23 × 31, main area code for Houston, TX.
The University of Washington (commonly referred to as UW, simply Washington, or informally "U-Dub") is a large, public flagship research university in Seattle, Washington, established in 1861.   Washington is one of the oldest universities on the West Coast. It has three campuses, with the oldest and largest being located in the University District of Seattle and two others in Tacoma and Bothell. The university is among the most reputable and most competitive within the United States. Overall, Washington encompasses 500 buildings and over 20 million gross square footage of space, including over 26 university libraries, the UW Tower office building, art centers, museums, lecture halls, laboratories and conference centers.   Washington is a member of the Association of American Universities and is consistently ranked among the top 15 universities in the world by a variety of international publications. The University offers bachelor's, master's and doctoral degrees through its 140 departments, organized into various colleges and schools. Its alumni, faculty and students include Nobel Prize laureates, Pulitzer Prize winners, Fulbright Scholars, Rhodes Scholars, Marshall Scholars, as well as members of distinguished institutions. Washington is home to the best medical school in the U.S., as well as some of the nation's top schools in business, computer science, engineering, law, pharmacy and statistics. In athletics, the university competes in the NCAA Division I Pac-12 Conference (Pac-12). Its athletic teams are called the Huskies.
Music manager Allen Klein, whose clients included the Rolling Stones and the Beatles, died Saturday after a lengthy battle with Alzheimer's disease, his publicist said. Klein was 77.   The son of Jewish immigrants from Hungary, Klein founded his firm Allen Klein & Co. in the late 1950s before the label evolved into ABKCO Music & Records in New York. The independent label holds the copyrights to music by the Rolling Stones, Sam Cooke, the Animals, the Kinks, Chubby Checker, Bobby Womack and hundreds of others.   Klein represented dozens of artists, including Sam Cooke, the Animals, Bobby Darin and Herman's Hermits. He changed the music industry when he represented Sam Cooke in negotiations with RCA, winning the artist control of his own master recordings.   Known for a tenacious and often blunt style in negotiations, Klein's greatest coups were inking contracts with the Rolling Stones and the Beatles, though both relationships ended in legal battles.   ABKCO built up a catalog of copyrights to more than 2,000 songs, including much of the Stones' 1960s catalog. Klein retained ownership of those titles even after splitting with the Stones. In 1969, John Lennon persuaded the other Beatles that Klein should take over the group's business affairs, but Paul McCartney resisted the move and some music historians say the appointment hastened the Beatles' split.   Lennon later fell out with Klein, who was thought to be the target of the former Beatle's 1974 song "Steel and Glass."   Defending his tough style, Klein told Playboy magazine in 1971: "The music business is about 99 percent no-talent losers who can't stand a winner in their midst." 
Michael Joseph Jackson was born on August 29,1958 in Gary, Indiana. Being the seventh child in his family, Michael was often physically abused by his father, beaten up and also orally abused. But Michael also owed his success to his father's strict discipline.   Michael was always an entertainer. Even when he just started school, he would perform in front of his friends and classmates. He started his professional music career at the age of 11, as a member of The Jackson Five.   He is well-known for increasing the popularity of MTV through his music videos. Before this, music videos were made just to promote the album. But Michael's videos managed to change that by making them an art and a big business. Some of the music videos that are good examples of this are Beat It, Billie Jean, and thriller. Through these works the world got caught onto the idea of music videos and focused on music video channels.   Michael _ his fans and audience with his style of singing, dressing, and his complex dance moves, especially the moonwalks all around the world to show their love for him.   Through his work and various foundations , Michael raised and donated millions to charity, which is much more than any showman. He supported 39 charities in all. Apart from that, he had a great love for children, especially the poor ones, and he felt that children were the best thing than God.   Michael planned to start a 50-concert tour in July 2009. Sadly on June 25th, 2009, Michael passed away at home. Besides a great performer, showman and entertainer, he was a good and charitable person. Nobody can be another graeter entertainer like Michael Jackson ever again.
The New York Post is an American daily newspaper that is primarily distributed in New York City and its surrounding area. It is the 13th-oldest newspaper in the United States, and it had the sixth-highest circulation in 2009. Established in 1801 by federalist and Founding Father Alexander Hamilton, it became a respected broadsheet in the 19th century, under the name New York Evening Post. The modern version of the paper is published in tabloid format.   In 1976, Rupert Murdoch bought the "Post" for US$30.5 million. Since 1993, "Post" has been owned by News Corporation and its successor, News Corp, which had owned it previously from 1976 to 1988. Its editorial offices are located at 1211 Avenue of the Americas.   "New York Post", established on November 16, 1801, as "New-York Evening Post", describes itself as the nation's oldest continuously published "daily" newspaper. "The Providence Journal", which began daily publication on July 21, 1829, also bills itself as the nation's oldest continuously published daily newspaper because "New York Post" halted publication during strikes in 1958 and 1978. "The Hartford Courant", believed to be the oldest continuously published newspaper, was founded in 1764 as a semi-weekly paper; it did not publish daily until 1836. "The New Hampshire Gazette", which has trademarked its claim of being "The Nation's Oldest Newspaper", was founded in 1756 as a weekly. Since the 1890s it has been published only on weekends.
Theravāda (Pali, literally "school of the elder monks") is a branch of Buddhism that uses the Buddha's teaching preserved in the Pāli Canon as its doctrinal core. The Pali canon is the only complete Buddhist canon which survives in a classical Indic Language, Pali, which serves as the sacred language and lingua franca of Theravada Buddhism. Another feature of Theravada is that it tends to be very conservative about matters of doctrine and monastic discipline. As a distinct sect, Theravada Buddhism developed in Sri Lanka and spread to the rest of Southeast Asia.   Theravada also includes a rich diversity of traditions and practices that have developed over its long history of interactions with varying cultures and religious communities. It is the dominant form of religion in Cambodia, Laos, Myanmar, Sri Lanka, and Thailand, and is practiced by minority groups in India, Bangladesh, China, Nepal, and Vietnam. In addition, the diaspora of all of these groups as well as converts around the world practice Theravāda Buddhism. Contemporary expressions include Buddhist modernism, the Vipassana movement and the Thai Forest Tradition.   Theravāda Buddhism is followed by countries and people around the globe, and is:   Today, Theravāda Buddhists, otherwise known as Theravadins, number over 150 million worldwide, and during the past few decades Theravāda Buddhism has begun to take root in the West and in the Buddhist revival in India.
A Texas teen who's been jailed more than four months for a Facebook comment he made during a video-game argument is finally getting a day in court that could let him go home.   Justin Carter, who was 18 when he was arrested, will appear in Comal County (Texas) District Court on Tuesday, July 16, for a bond hearing, according to his lawyer, Don Flanary.   Flanary told CNN he will argue to have Carter's $500,000 bond, which his family cannot afford to cover, reduced.   Flanary, who is working the case for free, met with Carter for the first time on Tuesday. He said Carter is not doing well, and his family says he has been placed on suicide watch.   "Justin is in bad shape and has suffered quite a bit of abuse while in jail," Flanary said in an e-mail. "We will likely bring out these issues at the bond hearing."   He did not elaborate on the type of abuse claimed by Carter, who is now 19.   In February, Carter and a friend were arguing on Facebook with someone else over the online video game "League of Legends."   His father told CNN that the other gamer called Justin crazy and his son responded with sarcasm.   According to court documents, Justin wrote, "I'm f***ed in the head alright. I think I'ma (sic) shoot up a kindergarten and watch the blood of the innocent rain down and eat the beating heart of one of them."   Jack Carter said his son followed the claim with "LOL" and "J/K" -- indicating that the comment wasn't serious. 
The piano on which Mozart wrote all of his late works returned home to Vienna for the first time since his death in 1791.The piano will stand in his former Vienna home, now a museum, for two weeks, ending in a concert of the works by Mozart. Mozart bought the instrument from Anton Walter, the most famous piano maker of his time, in 1782.He wrote more than 50 works for the piano on it, many of them in the apartment in Vienna.After Mozart's death, Constanze, Mozart's wife, gave the instrument to their elder surviving son, Carl Thomas, who donated it to the Mozarteum Salzburg on what would have been the composer's 100th birthday.The piano is now part of the permanent exhibition in the Austrian city of Salzburg. " It was very hard to let it go," said Matthias Schulz, director of the Mozarteum Salzburg." If we didn' t know it was in the best hands, we wouldn' t have done it." The piano is much smaller and lighter than modern concert ones.Its sound is fresher and brighter than that of a modern piano, with lighter action and hammers . Piano restorer Josef Meingast, who has looked after the Mozart piano since 1975, said it was superior to any of its surviving copies.Meingast said he had to fight to replace the existing strings , dating from a 1973 restoration, with softer ones that produce a rounder sound thought to be more similar to what Mozart would have produced. Russian pianist Alexander Melnikov, who planned to give a concert of Mozart' s music on the piano on November 7, said he was privileged to play such an instrument.It's easily the biggest day of a musician' s life."
(CNN)Things have been messy between singer Chris Brown and his now ex-girlfriend Karrueche Tran, and it looks to be about to get messier.   Oprah Winfrey's network, OWN, posted a teaser Tuesday for Tran's interview with Iyanla Vanzant. The inspirational speaker and host of "Iyanla: Fix My Life" fires off at Tran: "He betrayed you. He lied to you. He did it all publicly," before asking, "How did you find out that he had a baby by another woman?"   Brown has been the subject of rumors that he fathered a daughter with another woman while in a relationship with Tran. He has neither confirmed nor denied the stories, but the story heated up when Tran tweeted on March 4, "Listen. One can only take so much. The best of luck to Chris and his family. No baby drama for me."   The tweet was later deleted.   Brown and Tran have had an on-again, off-again relationship for years. In 2012, Brown posted a video on Twitter questioning whether it was possible to be in love with two people. At the time, the singer had broken up with Tran after once again growing close to singer Rihanna, whom he assaulted while they were dating in 2009.   "I love Karrueche very much but I don't want to see her hurt over my friendship with Rihanna," Brown said in the video. "I'd rather be single allowing us to both be happy in our lives."   Brown and Rihanna eventually reunited but then broke up again, and he and Tran, who bills herself as a model and entrepreneur, resumed seeing each other. 
A mum saved her daughter's life with her newly learned first aid skills. Sonya Hall, 33, of Denny Avenue, Lancaster, had only just attended one first aid class the day before when she found herself needing to use the skills on her three years old daughter Tilly.   Sonya, who also has son Emmen, six, attended the first aid course at Lune Park Children's Centre in Lancaster. Then she was faced with every parent's worst nightmare when Tilly went blue in the face and stopped breathing. But thanks to her newly acquired skills, Sonya saved Tilly's life.   Sonya said: "Tilly was playing with her brother and they were fighting over a toy. Emmen won the fight. Tilly fell backwards and her head was hit. She was face down and shaking and at first I thought she was upset. But then I saw she was blue in the face and had stopped breathing. I reacted without thinking and immediately started using the first aid skills I had learned the day before which were so fresh in my mind. I began doing mouth-to-mouth and chest compressions . It probably took about a minute before Tilly started breathing again, but to me it felt like a lifetime."   After getting Tilly breathing again, Sonya called an ambulance and the doctors came. Since then, Tilly has been diagnosed with Reflex Anoxic Seizure . Sonya said: "The seizure can happen when there's any unexpected pain, fear or fright. It is just so lucky that the day before it happened, I had been practising first aid."   The Empowering Parents First Aid course is run by Lancashire Adult Learning. Sonya said: "I am just so glad I did the course and learnt the first aid skills. I always feared I would not know what to do in a crisis situation, but luckily I had the knowledge and skills to deal with it."
Xu Caihou, a retired PLA general and former vice-chairman of the powerful Central Military Commission (CMC), was taken from his sick bed at 301 Military Hospital in Beijing on Saturday by dozens of armed policemen, the South China Morning Post reported, quoting unidentified sources.   Xu was detained the same day President Xi Jinping chaired a steering group tasked with reforming the military, the Post said.   If confirmed, Xu would become the highest-ranking military officer to be detained on suspicion of corruption.   Xu's critics claim that during his tenure, the buying and selling of military ranks was widespread in the defense establishment.   "I was told by an ex-PLA man I met on the train travelling to Guangzhou that he quit the military because so many people were buying positions and he did not want to play that game," said David Zweig, professor at Hong Kong University of Science and Technology.   "Telling me, a foreign professor, such dirt suggests that it is widespread and the anger that exists about this is also widespread."   Bribery scandal   Xu's detention may be connected with the corruption probe of Gu Junshan, the army's former deputy logistics chief and one of Xu's closest subordinates. Gu, who was in charge of the military's massive procurement and property portfolio, reportedly received bribes in cash and gifts. He has been under investigation since early 2012.   Xu, 71, was promoted to the CMC in 1999 and became its vice-chairman in 2004. He retired in March last year.   He has not been seen in public for several months until January 20, when the Chinese media showed him with President Xi greeting a group of retired military officials on the eve of the Chinese Lunar New Year. 
Molly Daniels opened the door so hard that the door nearly broke it. Then she looked through the window at her neighbor across the yard. " She is in my garden again. Those are my strawberries, not hers. Maybe I should call the police." Her friend, Doris, was sitting at the table with a cup of coffee in her hands. "You want to call the police because she picks your strawberries?" she asked. "Of course," Molly answered angrily. "What would you do if your neighbor walked into your yard without your _ and picked your strawberries?" "I would say, better here the bees." "The bees don't take my strawberries." "But the birds do," Doris continued. "That old lady only picks a few strawberries every year, and the only ones she picks are those you leave to the birds. Why don't you pick some of your good strawberries and give them to her?" "Are you crazy? What are you thinking?' "Don't you remember what happened when you were in hospital last year? She went to see you and gave you a pot full of chicken soup. When you give her the strawberries you can tell her that you still remember that." Molly was shocked. She had almost forgotten that little kindness because she was too angry. Then she picked a basket of good strawberries and went out. Through the window, Doris could see that the anger on Molly's face changed into a bright smile.
(Mental Floss) -- It's hard to walk down the aisle of a liquor store without running across a bottle bearing someone's name.   A costumed reveler at a Captain Morgan party celebrates the rum named after the 17th century privateer.   We put them in our cocktails, but how well do we know them?   Here's some biographical detail on the men behind your favorite tipples:   1. Captain Morgan   The Captain wasn't always just the choice of sorority girls looking to blend spiced rum with Diet Coke; in the 17th century he was a feared privateer.   Not only did the Welsh pirate marry his own cousin, he ran risky missions for the governor of Jamaica, including capturing some Spanish prisoners in Cuba and sacking Port-au-Prince in Haiti.   He then plundered the Cuban coast before holding for ransom the entire city of Portobelo, Panama.   He later looted and burned Panama City, but his pillaging career came to an end when Spain and England signed a peace treaty in 1671.   Instead of getting in trouble for his high-seas antics, Morgan received knighthood and became the lieutenant governor of Jamaica. Mental Floss: 5 drinking stories that put yours to shame   2. Johnnie Walker   Walker, the name behind the world's most popular brand of Scotch whisky, was born in 1805 in Ayrshire, Scotland.   When his father died in 1819, Johnnie inherited a trust of a little over 400 pounds, which the trustees invested in a grocery store.   Walker became a very successful grocer in the town of Kilmarnock and even sold a whisky, Walker's Kilmarnock Whisky. 
Mary loved walking through the woods with her dog, Max. Max and Mary would go on all sorts of adventures together. They really loved looking for blueberries together and then falling asleep next to each other in the tall grass. One day, as Mary was picking the blueberries, she turned around to find that Max was not there. She became worried and ran off to look for her dog.   She looked in all of their favorite spots...next to the stream, in their secret hiding place behind the raspberry bushes, and even inside the old cabin that sat in the woods. But poor Max was nowhere to be found. Nonetheless, Mary would not give up. She kept looking and she found him not very far away. He had seen a squirrel and run to chase it. When Mary called Max's name he left the squirrel and happily returned to Mary, wagging his tail as he went.
Rebel leaders said early Monday that they had captured three of embattled Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi's sons -- Saif al-Islam, Saadi and Mohammed -- during their siege of Tripoli.   "As for the other four sons, we think they are either hiding or they have run away," said Guma El-Gamaty, the Britain-based coordinator for Libya's Transitional National Council.   The latest arrest was that of Mohammad Gadhafi, whom the rebels claimed was being confined to his house.   "I'm being attacked right now. This is gunfire inside my house. They are inside my house," a man who identified himself as Mohammed Gadhafi told Al Jazeera in a phone call.   A barrage of gunfire was then heard and the phone cut off.   Later, the head of the Transitional National Council told the station that Mohammed Gadhafi was not harmed.   Earlier, rebel leaders said they captured Saif al-Islam Gadhafi, a top official in his father's regime. Another of Gadhafi's sons, Saadi Gadhafi, was also in custody, the rebels announced.   The International Criminal Court says it plans to negotiate the transfer of Saif Gadhafi who -- along with his father -- is wanted for crimes against humanity in connection with their attempts to put down the emerging revolt against Gadhafi's four-decade rule in February.   The court, based in The Hague, Netherlands, issued a similar warrant for Abdullah al-Sanussi, the elder Gadhafi's brother-in-law and Libya's intelligence chief.   The third son detained is Saadi Gadhafi, a businessman and onetime professional soccer player. He helped set up an April CNN interview with a woman who claimed she'd been raped by government troops. He later told CNN that those behind the attack should be prosecuted. 
Margaret Hilda Thatcher, Baroness Thatcher, (; 13 October 19258 April 2013) was a British who was Prime Minister of the United Kingdom from 1979 to 1990 and Leader of the Conservative Party from 1975 to 1990. She was the longest-serving British prime minister of the 20th century and the first woman to have been appointed. A Soviet journalist dubbed her the "Iron Lady", a nickname that became associated with her uncompromising politics and leadership style. As Prime Minister, she implemented policies that have come to be known as Thatcherism.   A research chemist before becoming a barrister, Thatcher was elected Member of Parliament for Finchley in 1959. Edward Heath appointed her Secretary of State for Education and Science in his Conservative government. In 1975, Thatcher defeated Heath in the Conservative Party leadership election to become Leader of the Opposition and became the first woman to lead a major political party in the United Kingdom. She became Prime Minister after winning the 1979 general election.   On moving into , Thatcher introduced a series of political and economic initiatives intended to reverse high unemployment and Britain's struggles in the wake of the Winter of Discontent and an ongoing recession. Her political philosophy and economic policies emphasised deregulation (particularly of the financial sector), flexible labour markets, the privatisation of state-owned companies, and reducing the power and influence of trade unions. Thatcher's popularity during her first years in office waned amid recession and increasing unemployment, until victory in the 1982 Falklands War and the recovering economy brought a resurgence of support, resulting in her decisive re-election in 1983. She survived an assassination attempt in 1984.
Ben Jones was walking home from school one day when he saw a black cat. It was walking across the srteet in front of him.Ben stopped, turned around, and walked down a different srteet to go home. Why did he do that? "It's unlucky when a black cat crossed the street in front of you," says Ben, "I did not want to walk down that street!" Many people think that some things bring bad luck or good luck. For example, some people think that 13 is an unlucky number. They never invite 13 people to a party. "I never walk under a ladder ," says Ben. "And I never open an umbrella inside the house. They both bring bad luck." And what brings good luck? "We have a horseshoe over the front door of our house for good luck," says Ben."And when I find a peney on the ground, I always pick it up. That brings me good luck all day!"
COVER STORY--Pax's New Life   By Michelle Tauber and Mary Green   The actress and 3-year-old Pax Thien Jolie, whom she adopted last weekfrom an orphanage in Ho Chi Minh City, left Hanoi's Noi Bai Airport in a private jet on Wednesday, bound for home--and, for Pax, a new life - in the U.S.   Jolie, 31, understands the challenges her new son will face as the latest addition to the world's most famous multicultural family. "You can imagine what courage it takes to be in all new surroundings, with new people and a new language," she tells PEOPLE in its new issue. "He is very strong." But she is committed to making his transition as smooth as possible. "It will take him a while to realize he has a family," she says, "and that his new life is permanent and that it won't keep changing."   The boy with the sweetly shy smile and the big brown eyes joins big brother Maddox, 5(adopted from Cambodia), sister Zahara, 2 (adopted from Ethiopia) and 10-month-old Shiloh, the daughter born to Jolie and Brad Pitt, 43, in May.   As for Dad, because Vietnamese regulations don't allow unmarried couples to co-adopt, Jolie adopted Pax as a single parent while Pitt remained inprefix = st1 /Los Angeles, where he is filmingThe Curious Case of Benjamin Button. "He has specific days on the movie that couldn't be changed or production would run over," says his rep.   But Jolie still made sure to bring a welcoming committee: Joined by Maddox and Zahara - Shiloh has been on theButtonset every day with her father--the new mom used her first few days with Pax to begin gently bonding with him and to ask her other kids to do the same.   "We are slowly beginning to build his trust and bond," Jolie says, "but it will feel complete only when we are all together."   For exclusive photos - plus details on Angelina and Pax's first moments together, what Pax's life was like at the orphanage and more - pick up this week'sPEOPLE,on newsstands Friday.
Reigning world champion Sebastian Vettel started his 2011 Formula One defense in emphatic style on Sunday, leading the season-opening Australian Grand Prix in Melbourne from start to finish.   McLaren's 2008 world champion Lewis Hamilton did well to finish second after damaging his car on the first corner while Lotus Renault's Russian driver Vitaly Petrov achieved his first podium finish.   The 23-year-old German notched up his 11th win in his 63rd Formula 1 race.   Fernando Alonso finished fourth for Ferrari, with Mark Webber in his Red Bull in fifth place. Jenson Button came sixth in his McLaren.   Red Bull team boss Christian Horner said after the race his team did not use its KERS power-boost system because of technical issues, underlining the scale of Vettel's victory.   Following his triumph, Vettel said: "It was a good race. In the end things calmed down, Lewis didn't push, but it was not an easy race.   "The start was crucial, I was on the clean side, but didn't know if it was enough until we got through the first corner.   "With Lewis dropping off later in the race, there was no pressure, so I was able to control it."   Assessing the season ahead, Vettel added: "It's a long season, so we have to keep on doing what we are doing now, enjoying, but working hard."   Hamilton was satisfied with his runner-up spot, saying: "We can take this and be very proud of ourselves. A week or two ago we weren't expecting to be in the top five, so to come to second is a great achievement." 
Sidney Frank made millions marketing Jagermeister and other alcohol brands. Three years after his death, he's a big hit with students at the Ivy League college he briefly attended.   Sidney Frank, shown accepting an honorary degree in 2005, gave $100 million to Brown University.   He's a big hit not because of what he sold but because he's given dozens of them what he couldn't afford as a young man: an education at Rhode Island's Brown University.   On Sunday, 49 students from low-income families became the first four-year Sidney E. Frank Scholars to graduate from Brown, owing virtually nothing except gratitude to the late liquor magnate.   "The world of difference that he made for each and every one of us is unbelievable, incredible," one of the Frank Scholars, 22-year-old Shane Reil, said Sunday.   Frank -- who left Brown after one year in the late 1930s because he couldn't afford to stay -- gave the school a $100 million endowment in 2004. He stipulated that the fund's income go exclusively to covering all tuition and expenses for the neediest of Brown's admitted applicants. Hear graduates say how their dreams came true »   For this year's graduates, tuition and expenses came to a four-year total of about $180,000 each. The median annual income of the recipients' families was $18,984.   The gift was the largest single one ever given to Brown and one of the largest ever given for undergraduate scholarships in the United States, according to the school.   Reil, a history major who is preparing to co-chair a student conference on U.S.-South Korean relations and aspires to work in politics or foreign service, says the scholarship was the stuff of dreams. 
Child labour refers to the employment of children in any work that deprives children of their childhood, interferes with their ability to attend regular school, and that is mentally, physically, socially or morally dangerous and harmful. This practice is considered exploitative by many international organisations. Legislation across the world prohibit child labour. These laws do not consider all work by children as child labour; exceptions include work by child artists, family duties, supervised training, certain categories of work such as those by Amish children, some forms of child work common among indigenous American children, and others.   In developing countries, with high poverty and poor schooling opportunities, child labour is still prevalent. In 2010, sub-saharan Africa had the highest incidence rates of child labour, with several African nations witnessing over 50 percent of children aged 5–14 working. Worldwide agriculture is the largest employer of child labour. Vast majority of child labour is found in rural settings and informal urban economy; children are predominantly employed by their parents, rather than factories. Poverty and lack of schools are considered as the primary cause of child labour.
Once upon a time, there lived a Daddy bird. This was a very normal bird. It did not sing pretty songs. It did not have colorful feathers but it did have thing that made it stand out from the other birds.   It had a very long tail feather. And with this long tail feather, the bird could do wonderful tricks. He could fly in circles and fly at super-fast speed. Daddy bird lived on a quiet street, at a yellow house. Its nest was on top of a basketball pole that the kids who lived in the yellow house had outgrown.   The bird was a daddy bird and had two baby birds in its nest. One of the baby birds had a long tail feather like the daddy bird. The other baby bird did not. Instead, it had wings with many colors like the mommy bird.   This bird family lived at the yellow house all summer long. The mommy and daddy birds came back for many summers and had many more baby birds but only one, the very first baby bird, had a long tail feather and could do tricks like daddy bird.
Tibet (i/tᵻˈbɛt/; Wylie: Bod, pronounced [pʰø̀ʔ]; Chinese: 西藏; pinyin: Xīzàng) is a region on the Tibetan Plateau in Asia. It is the traditional homeland of the Tibetan people as well as some other ethnic groups such as Monpa, Qiang and Lhoba peoples and is now also inhabited by considerable numbers of Han Chinese and Hui people. Tibet is the highest region on Earth, with an average elevation of 4,900 metres (16,000 ft). The highest elevation in Tibet is Mount Everest, earth's highest mountain rising 8,848 m (29,029 ft) above sea level.   The Tibetan Empire emerged in the 7th century, but with the fall of the empire the region soon divided into a variety of territories. The bulk of western and central Tibet (Ü-Tsang) was often at least nominally unified under a series of Tibetan governments in Lhasa, Shigatse, or nearby locations; these governments were at various times under Mongol and Chinese overlordship. The eastern regions of Kham and Amdo often maintained a more decentralized indigenous political structure, being divided among a number of small principalities and tribal groups, while also often falling more directly under Chinese rule after the Battle of Chamdo; most of this area was eventually incorporated into the Chinese provinces of Sichuan and Qinghai. The current borders of Tibet were generally established in the 18th century.
The territory that now constitutes Tajikistan was previously home to several ancient cultures, including the city of Sarazm of the Neolithic and the Bronze Age, and was later home to kingdoms ruled by people of different faiths and cultures, including the Oxus civilization, Andronovo culture, Buddhism, Nestorian Christianity, Zoroastrianism, and Manichaeism. The area has been ruled by numerous empires and dynasties, including the Achaemenid Empire, Sassanian Empire, Hephthalite Empire, Samanid Empire, Mongol Empire, Timurid dynasty, and the Russian Empire. As a result of the breakup of the Soviet Union, Tajikistan became an independent nation in 1991. A civil war was fought almost immediately after independence, lasting from 1992 to 1997. Since the end of the war, newly established political stability and foreign aid have allowed the country's economy to grow.   Tajiks began to be conscripted into the Soviet Army in 1939 and during World War II around 260,000 Tajik citizens fought against Germany, Finland and Japan. Between 60,000(4%) and 120,000(8%) of Tajikistan's 1,530,000 citizens were killed during World War II. Following the war and Stalin's reign attempts were made to further expand the agriculture and industry of Tajikistan. During 1957–58 Nikita Khrushchev's Virgin Lands Campaign focused attention on Tajikistan, where living conditions, education and industry lagged behind the other Soviet Republics. In the 1980s, Tajikistan had the lowest household saving rate in the USSR, the lowest percentage of households in the two top per capita income groups, and the lowest rate of university graduates per 1000 people. By the late 1980s Tajik nationalists were calling for increased rights. Real disturbances did not occur within the republic until 1990. The following year, the Soviet Union collapsed, and Tajikistan declared its independence.
Chinese characters are logograms used in the writing of Chinese and some other Asian languages. In Standard Chinese they are called Hanzi (simplified Chinese: 汉字; traditional Chinese: 漢字). They have been adapted to write a number of other languages including: Japanese, where they are known as kanji, Korean, where they are known as hanja, and Vietnamese in a system known as chữ Nôm. Collectively, they are known as CJKV characters. In English, they are sometimes called Han characters. Chinese characters constitute the oldest continuously used system of writing in the world. By virtue of their widespread current use in East Asia, and historic use throughout the Sinosphere, Chinese characters are among the most widely adopted writing systems in the world.   Chinese characters number in the tens of thousands, though most of them are minor graphic variants encountered only in historical texts. Studies in China have shown that functional literacy in written Chinese requires a knowledge of between three and four thousand characters. In Japan, 2,136 are taught through secondary school (the Jōyō kanji); hundreds more are in everyday use. There are various national standard lists of characters, forms, and pronunciations. Simplified forms of certain characters are used in China, Singapore, and Malaysia; the corresponding traditional characters are used in Taiwan, Hong Kong, Macau, and to a limited extent in South Korea. In Japan, common characters are written in post-WWII Japan-specific simplified forms (shinjitai), which are closer to traditional forms than Chinese simplifications, while uncommon characters are written in Japanese traditional forms (kyūjitai), which are virtually identical to Chinese traditional forms. In South Korea, when Chinese characters are used they are of the traditional variant and are almost identical to those used in places like Taiwan and Hong Kong. Teaching of Chinese characters in South Korea starts in the 7th grade and continues until the 12th grade where 1,800 total characters are taught albeit these characters are only used in certain cases (on signs, academic papers, historical writings, etc.) and are slowly declining in use.
Joey went to the doctor yesterday. He was a little scared because he might have to get a shot, but his mother promised that it wouldn't hurt. During the time they were in the waiting room, Joey played with some blue and green blocks and some toy cars that the doctor kept there for the children who came to see him. He also met another little boy named Bobby who also had to see the doctor. Bobby liked playing with the cars more than the blocks, but Joey liked playing with both of them. Joey also met a little girl named Sandy who was playing with some dolls the doctor also had for the children. When it was Joey's turn to see the doctor, his mother led him into one of the rooms and had him sit on a yellow chair. The doctor was a friendly man who wore glasses. He took Joey's temperature and looked in his ears, then asked him a few questions about how he had been feeling. When Joey said his throat hurt a little, the doctor took a look at it as well. He said everything looked okay, and Joey wouldn't need any shots this visit. On the way out Susan the nurse let Joey take a red lollipop from a basket on her desk. By the time Joey got home, he thought the doctor wasn't so scary after all.
Amy Pankratz spent a few nights in the hospital with her daughter, Isabella, who caught a bad flu. "Lying in bed beside Isabella, I could hear the cries of children in pain, "says Amy. "It completely broke my heart."   When Isabella was getting well and could leave her room, she wore her prized possession--a "superhero cape " Amy had sewn to encourage her--and walked into the hallway. The pink cape was an instant hit with the other young patients, who were doing exercise around the nursing station. "Then, all the kidswere taking turns wearing the cape, giggling, "Amy says. "These were some of the same children I had heard crying the night before, and here they were playing and having fun--kids just being kids!"   From that moment on, Amy began making Comfort Capes for little ones battling with serious illnesses. "I felt God presenting an opportunity, "she says. "I hoped Comfort Capes can help these kids feel brave, to lift some of the fear away. "   Since then, Amy has made and donated more than 5, 000 capes in the United States. Amy usually pays for materials herself, although she accepts donations.   The capes she makes for kids in treatment are different from those her own children have. Before Amy starts to sew she learns what image or character the little boy or girl connects with. "I choose the pattern, color and theme specially for each child," explains Amy.   When she is not sewing, Amy is raising awareness of childhood cancers and looking into ways to get Comfort Capes to more kids who need them, "If a cape can help a child, even only for a moment, forget his illness, it's worth the time spent sewing," she says.
If you ask Americans whether or not they think their former president George W. Bush is smart, most of them will probably tell you they don't think so. However, Bush's IQ score is estimated to be above 120, which puts him in the top ten percent of the population.   It doesn't seem to make sense. How come someone with such an IQ score is not considered smart? Researchers say: IQ does not tell the whole story. Some people have high IQ scores, but still they can be poor thinkers and decision-makers.   Keith Stanovich, a Canadian professor of human development and applied psychology, has been looking into the "clever fools" phenomenon for 15 years. He says IQ tests are very good at measuring certain mental faculties , including logic, learning ability, working-memory capacity (how much information you can hold in mind), etc. Those faculties play a part in one's academic success, but rational thinking is more important for us to make good judgments in real-life situations.   IQ tests fail to work when it comes to rational thinking. That's because they are unable to assess things such as a person's ability to weigh up information, or whether an individual can set aside the cognitive biases that may be misleading.   "A high IQ is like height in a basketball player," says David Perkins, who studies thinking and reasoning skills at Harvard University. "It is very important, all other things being equal. But all other things aren't equal. It takes a lot more to be a good basketball player than being tall, and it takes a lot more to be a good thinker than having a high IQ."
Edward Snowden's hopes of finding asylum from U.S. prosecution on espionage charges appeared to dim Tuesday as country after country denied his request or said he would have to find a way to travel to their territory to apply.   While Bolivia and Venezuela seemed supportive, 11 of the 21 countries he's applied to, including Ecuador and Iceland, have said they can't consider his request until he shows up at one of their embassies or on their borders. Three -- Brazil, India and Poland -- have denied the request outright.   And Bolivia said Tuesday the plane carrying its president, Evo Morales, was denied permission to land for refueling in either France or Portugal because of "unfounded" rumors that Snowden was aboard. Foreign Minister David Choquehuanca told Bolivian television that the jet made an emergency landing in the Austrian capital of Vienna and that Bolivia wanted an explanation from Paris and Lisbon.   "We don't know who has come up with this huge lie," Choquehuanca said, adding, "We would like to let the international community know that the rights of aerial traffic for Bolivia have been violated."   Morales had been in Russia, where he told the Russia Today news network that he would be willing to consider asylum for Snowden. And Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro, also in Moscow for a tribute to his late predecessor, Hugo Chavez, said Snowden deserves protection, not prosecution.   'Unbowed' Snowden seeks new havens   Maduro said Snowden's decision to leak details of American surveillance programs were "a warning signal to the world," according to statement from the president's office. 
A Cincinnati man charged with fatally shooting his 11-year-old daughter Thursday was denied a temporary release to attend the girl's funeral.   Citing security concerns, state court Judge Nadine Allen denied a motion filed by a lawyer for Deandre Kelley, 34, who was charged with the shooting death of daughter Achauntiara Lanza during an argument with the victim's mother, according to bailiff Gail Ruth.   Kelley's lawyer, Hugh McCloskey Jr., said the judge expressed concern that people might want to hurt his client or that his presence at the funeral could spark a dispute.   "This motion was requested because it was requested by Mr. Kelley's family, especially the deceased young lady's mother," he said. "This is a family unit, whether we like it or not. They're suffering right now. In order to start healing, it's something they need to go through together."   The mother, who was not identified, could not be reached for comment.   Prosecutors said Kelley showed up at slumber party Lanza was hosting at her mother's house in the early hours of of January 12 and argued with her mother. Kelley allegedly fired his gun into the air during the exchange, with an errant bullet striking Lanza in an upstairs bedroom.   The girl, struck in the upper torso, was later pronounced dead at Cincinnati Children's Hospital.   Prosecutors said the dispute began hours before the shooting: Kelley and the victim's mother argued because he brought a gun into the home while the girl was having a slumber party with friends. Kelley left and went drinking. 
At Dulles High school in Sugar Land, Texas, the roster for Advanced Chinese begins with Jason Chao and ends with Kathy Zhang. In between comes an unexpected name: Elizabeth Hoffman. Hoffman, now a 12thgrader, began learning Chinese in the eighth grade, has spent a summer studying in Nanjing and plans to perfect her Mandarin next fall. When asked by her peers---why she is learning Chinese, she responds with a question: "why aren't you?"   As China rushes toward superpower status, America's schools and government officials are responding to Hoffman's opinion. Earlier this year Eush Holt of New Jersey introduced legialation calling for increased money of programs for less commonly taught languages, "For reasons of economics, culture and security, we should have much better facilities with Chinese languages and dialects," he said. The State Department has pointed out Chinese is becoming a "critical language", but the most recent data show that only 24,000 students in Grade 7 to Grade 12 study Chinese.   Still, the number is growing. In Chicago public schools, enrollment in Chinese classes has skyrocked from 5000 students in 2005 to nearly 35,000 students this year. In the Santa Clara County, California, enrollment has quadrupled during the same period. In 2007, when the College Board first introduces advanced-placement language exams in Chinese and Italian, 2,400 high school plan to offer AP Chinese---10 times the number of students that plan to offer AP Italian.   Much of the interest can be explained by China's increasing competiviveness. "People are always trying to judge what languages are going to be useful for the future," says Marty Abbot, the director of education at the National Council on the Teaching of Foreign Languages, Stephanie Wong, a student At Monta Vista High School in Cupertino, California, chose Chinese so that she could speak with her grandfather. Wong also predicted that Chinese will be important if she becomes a doctor. 80 percent of people in her hometown are Asians.
A dancer named Eliza was part of the New York Ballet Performance and Arts Company. She spent all hours of the day practicing for her recital. Eliza had difficulties doing both her schoolwork and her dancing; she often fell behind in math. Her best friend Maddy was also a dancer; they often competed with each other to get the top parts in the dances. Their moms thought that because they competed with each other they might become mean towards one another but they did not let that get in the way of their friendship.   In their latest recital Eliza had got the top part in the dance called "The Beauty and the Rain". The hours were long and draining on their bodies. All the girls and boys who left the performance center looked so tired. They couldn't pick up their practice bags off of the floor as they walked to their parents to go home and their eyelids were droopy. When Eliza got home, the last thing on her mind was her math problems. All she could think of was bathing her sore feet and her head hitting her soft fluffy pillow. Her teachers started to become aware of Eliza's problems in the classroom and called her parents into school to talk to her teachers. Her parents knew that dancing was Eliza's dream and would not let anything get in the way of her performances. It was important for her parents for Eliza to do well in all parts of her life, but her dancing is what lit a fire in her eyes. Her parents got her extra help to help with her homework, which helped Eliza keep track of all parts of her life.
Brazil's highest court said Wednesday it does not have jurisdiction over who should have custody of a U.S.-born 9-year-old boy -- his Brazilian stepfather or his father in the United States.   David Goldman is seeking custody of his son, Sean, who is living with relatives of his deceased mother in Brazil.   The high court's ruling sends the ongoing case back to an appeals court in Rio de Janeiro.   In the unanimous vote, Brazil's Supreme Federal Court said it could not rule over The Hague Convention on the Civil Aspects of International Child Abduction, of which Brazil is a signatory. Brazil is undergoing constitutional reforms and has recently voted on a law that would make all international human rights conventions part of its constitution.   Last week, Judge Marco Aurelio, who sits on the Supreme Federal Court, suspended a lower court ruling that custody of Sean Richard Goldman be turned over to the U.S. consulate, which was to have then handed him over to the boy's father, David Goldman, who is a U.S. citizen.   Aurelio's decision was based on a conservative party's petition that said the boy's removal from Brazil would cause him psychological harm.   But the father responded that his son was suffering psychological harm simply by remaining with his Brazilian relatives, whom Goldman -- a part-time model who captains boats -- accused of turning Sean against him.   The case now goes to the Federal Appeals Court in Rio de Janeiro and does not mean the boy will return to his father without further rulings. 
Homer ( , "Hómēros") is the name ascribed by the ancient Greeks to the legendary author of the "Iliad" and the "Odyssey", two epic poems which are the central works of ancient Greek literature. The "Iliad" is set during the Trojan War, the ten-year siege of the city of Troy by a coalition of Greek states. It focuses on a quarrel between King Agamemnon and the warrior Achilles lasting a few weeks during the last year of the war. The "Odyssey" focuses on the journey home of Odysseus, king of Ithaca, after the fall of Troy.   Many accounts of Homer's life circulated in classical antiquity, the most widespread being that he was a blind bard from Ionia, a region of central coastal Anatolia in present-day Turkey. Modern scholars consider them legends.   The Homeric Question—by whom, when, where and under what circumstances were the "Iliad" and "Odyssey" composed—continues to be debated. Broadly speaking, modern scholarly opinion falls into two groups. One holds that most of the "Iliad" and (according to some) the "Odyssey" are the works of a single poet of genius. The other considers the Homeric poems to be the result of a process of working and re-working by many contributors, and that "Homer" is best seen as a label for an entire tradition. It is generally accepted that the poems were composed at some point around the late 8th or early 7th century BC. The poems are in Homeric Greek, also known as Epic Greek, a literary language which shows a mixture of features of the Ionic and Aeolic dialects from different centuries; the predominant influence is Eastern Ionic. Most researchers believe that the poems were originally transmitted orally.
"How did Norman know, Sister Emma?"   "He overheard you and Aryan arguing. I suspect that he purposely overheard on you. Norman knew or concluded what profession Aryan practiced. He might well have followed Aryan on his explorations. Whether he did or not is beside the point. When Aryan came back yesterday afternoon, Norman certainly decided that he had made some find, for Aryan told Norman that he would be leaving for the capital to meet the detective the next morning. He probably followed Aryan to your room and overheard what passed between you.   "Since you could not act against the law of man and God, he would serve a natural justice in his own way. He took the jar of poison hemlock from the chemistry shop and when Aryan asked for a drink, he supplied it. Norman did not know the precise quantity needed and so Aryan did not suffer the full effects until after the bell called the community into the dining hall for the evening meal."   Abbess was following Sister Emma closely.   "And then?"   "Then I began my investigation, and then the detective arrived seeking Aryan for an explanation for his death."   "But who killed Norman?"   "Norman knew that sooner or later he would be discovered. But more importantly in his guileless mind there was also the guilt of having taken a man's life to be considered. Norman was a simple man. He decided that he should accept the punishment--the honor-price of a life. What greater honor-price for the life of Aryan could he offer than his own? He also took a draught of poison hemlock."   There was a pause.
Quebec ( or ; ) is one of the 13 provinces and territories of Canada. It is bordered to the west by the province of Ontario, James Bay, and Hudson Bay; to the north by Hudson Strait and Ungava Bay; to the east by the Gulf of Saint Lawrence and the province of Newfoundland and Labrador; and to the south by the province of New Brunswick and the US states of Maine, New Hampshire, Vermont, and New York. It also shares maritime borders with Nunavut, Prince Edward Island, and Nova Scotia. Quebec is Canada's largest province by area and its second-largest administrative division; only the territory of Nunavut is larger. It is historically and politically considered to be part of Central Canada (with Ontario).   Quebec is the second-most populous province of Canada, after Ontario. It is the only one to have a predominantly French-speaking population, with French as the sole provincial official language. Most inhabitants live in urban areas near the Saint Lawrence River between Montreal and Quebec City, the capital. Approximately half of Quebec residents live in the Greater Montreal Area, including the Island of Montreal. English-speaking communities and English-language institutions are concentrated in the west of the island of Montreal but are also significantly present in the Outaouais, Eastern Townships, and Gaspé regions. The Nord-du-Québec region, occupying the northern half of the province, is sparsely populated and inhabited primarily by Aboriginal peoples. The climate around the major cities is four-season continental with cold and snowy winters combined with warm to hot humid summers, but further north long winter seasons dominate and as a result the northern areas of the province are marked by tundra conditions. Even in central Quebec, at comparatively southerly latitudes, winters are severe in inland areas.
(Rolling Stone) -- On July 25th, 1965, Bob Dylan walked onstage at the Newport Folk Festival, plugged in his 1964 sunburst Fender Stratocaster and tore through a scorching three-song set. It was a crucial turning point in his career, and it quickly became rock & roll legend -- the moment when Dylan transformed from a protest folkie to a rebel genius. But the guitar Dylan played on that mythic afternoon went missing for the next 47 years -- until recently, when a team of PBS researchers told New Jersey resident Dawn Peterson that she had it in her home.   Peterson's late father, Victor Quinto, was a private pilot who worked for Dylan's manager, Albert Grossman, in the mid-1960s. "After one flight, my father saw there were three guitars left on the plane," she says. He contacted the company a few times about picking the guitars up, but nobody ever got back to him."   Last fall, Peterson asked PBS's History Detectives to help verify her find. The 1964 Stratocaster came with 13 pages of typed and handwritten song lyrics tucked inside its guitar case -- but host Wes Cowan was skeptical at first. "It's so important, historically and culturally, that I couldn't have imagined Bob Dylan would have just left it on an airplane," he says.   In fact, Dylan says that's not what happened. "Bob has possession of the electric guitar he played at the Newport Folk Festival in 1965," his attorney, Orin Snyder, said in a statement. "He did own several other Stratocaster guitars that were stolen from him around that time, as were some handwritten lyrics." 
Tasha and Hassan went to their grandma's house. They were going to stay there for two days. Tasha was happy because she likes to play with the farm animals. She wanted to milk the cow. She also wanted to play with the baby pig. Hassan wanted to stay in the house and bake sugar cookies. He also wanted to make fresh cocoa. When Hassan started to make the cookies he saw that there was no milk in the fridge to make the cookies and cocoa. He walked outside and asked Tasha to fill up the bucket with fresh milk from the cow. Hassan used the milk to make the cookies and hot cocoa. Tasha and Hassan shared the cookies with their grandma. They ate all of the cookies and drank the hot cocoa in front of the TV. Their grandma promised to make them apple pie the next morning. She had picked a basket full of apples the day before.
_ , by the U.S. education system. Remarkably, he could read, yet, in spite of his reading skills, Steve was failing. He had been failing since first grade, as he was passed on from grade to grade. Steve was a big boy, looking more like a teenager than a twelve year old, yet, Steve went unnoticed... until Miss White.   Miss White was a smiling, young, beautiful redhead, and Steve was in love! For the first time in his young life, he couldn't take his eyes off his teacher; yet, still he failed. He never did his homework, and he was always in trouble with Miss White. His heart would break under her sharp words, and when he was punished for failing to turn in his homework, he felt just miserable! Still, he did not study.   In the middle of the first semester of school, the entire seventh grade was tested for basic skills. Steve hurried through his tests, and continued to dream of other things, as the day wore on. His heart was not in school, but in the woods, where he often escaped alone, trying to shut out the sights, sounds and smells of his alcoholic home. No one checked on him to see if he was safe. No one knew he was gone, because no one was sober enough to care. Oddly, Steve never missed a day of school.   One day, Miss White's impatient voice broke into his daydreams. "Steve!!" Startled, he turned to look at her.   "Pay attention!"   Steve locked his gaze on Miss White with adolescent adoration , as she began to go over the test results for the seventh grade.   "You all did pretty well," she told the class, "except for one boy, and it breaks my heart to tell you this, but..." She hesitated, pinning Steve to his seat with a sharp stare, her eyes searching his face.   "...The smartest boy in the seventh grade is failing my class!"   She just stared at Steve, as the class spun around for a good look. Steve dropped his eyes and carefully examined his fingertips.   After that, it was war!! Steve still wouldn't do his homework. Even as the punishments became more severe, he remained stubborn.   "Just try it! ONE WEEK!" He was unmoved.   "You're smart enough! You'll see a change!" Nothing fazed him.   "Give yourself a chance! Don't give up on your life!" Nothing.   "Steve! Please! I care about you!"   Wow! Suddenly, Steve got it!! Someone cared about him? Someone, totally unattainable and perfect, CARED ABOUT HIM??!!   Steve went home from school, thoughtful, that afternoon. Walking into the house, he took one look around. Both parents were passed out, in various stages of undress, and the stench was overpowering! He, quickly, gathered up his camping gear, a jar of peanut butter, a loaf of bread, a bottle of water, and this time...his schoolbooks. Grim faced and determined, he headed for the woods.   The following Monday he arrived at school on time, and he waited for Miss White to enter the classroom. She walked in, all sparkle and smiles! God, she was beautiful! He yearned for her smile to turn on him. It did not.   Miss White, immediately, gave a quiz on the weekend homework. Steve hurried through the test, and was the first to hand in his paper. With a look of surprise, Miss White took his paper. Obviously puzzled, she began to look it over. Steve walked back to his desk, his heart pounding within his chest. As he sat down, he couldn't resist another look at the lovely woman.   Miss White's face was in total shock! She glanced up at Steve, then down, then up. Suddenly, her face broke into a radiant smile. The smartest boy in the seventh grade had just passed his first test!   From that moment nothing was the same for Steve. Life at home remained the same, but life still changed. He discovered that not only could he learn, but he was good at it!   He discovered that he could understand and retain knowledge, and that he could translate the things he learned into his own life. Steve began to excel! And he continued this course throughout his school life.   After high-school Steve enlisted in the Navy, and he had a successful military career. During that time, he met the love of his life, he raised a family, and he graduated from college Magna Cum Laude. During his Naval career, he inspired many young people, who without him, might not have believed in themselves. Steve began a second career after the Navy, and he continues to inspire others, as an adjunct professor in a nearby college.   Miss White left a great legacy. She saved one boy who has changed many lives. I know, because I am the love of his life.   You see, it's simple, really. A change took place within the heart of one boy, all because of one teacher, who cared.
China has a growing love affair with the cars.This is clear at the Beijing Asian Games Village Automobile Exchange, where more and more people come to look and increasingly to buy.   Alice Wu is an editor at a Chinese Internet publication.She takes the subway to work, but she is certain she can cut her commute time if she drives herself.Wu says it takes her three hours to get to work now.If she had a car, she says, the same trip would only take her two hours.   The Asian Games Village Automobile Exchange is the biggest car dealership in Beijing.General manager Guo Yong says the business sells more than two thousand cars each week.Guo says it is much easier for Chinese consumers to buy a car now.In the past, it would take them several years to earn enough money to buy a new car.Now, he says, many people only need to save for one year.Also, the emergence of less expensive domestic brands like Chery and BYD means more Chinese can afford cars.   For decades, most Chinese city residents got about by bicycle or public buses and trains.Now, in many areas, the number of new cars is growing faster than the road system, leaving city streets jammed with traffic.Guo Liang has wanted to buy a car for a decade, and he will be the first in his family to own one.He is not _ by Beijing's traffic jams.Guo says if the traffic is too bad, he will use the car for leisure or holidays with his family.Another customer, Zhang Menxin, works in Beijing, but is from Xi'an, more than 900 kilometers away.Zhang says it is very difficult to get a train ticket to return home for Chinese New Year.She adds that train is not convenient.If she had her own car, she says, she could go anytime she wanted to.   World Bank transportation specialist Shomik Mendhiratta says, "Getting a car makes people feel like they have arrived to the middle class, and it's got a huge status associated with it.It's a fantastic thing to have."
The story of the day I lost my best friend to a car accident. The day a precious life was taken from us way too soon.   It was a bright and Sunny day in November. Thanksgiving had been celebrated only two days before. Since it was a holiday weekend I had been on the phone with Greg the night before many times. His dad didn't want him to come over because of the holiday. I guess he finally wore him down and he called and said, "I can stay". So, my mom, brother, and I went to pick him up. He was always smiling. The complete opposite of my shy self, Greg was always the life of the party.   We got two large pizzas that Friday night. I've never known anyone in my entire life who loved to eat more than Greg. That's the way he was though. He was just enjoying life. And if it meant gaining weight or whatever, so be it. He would sit back and put his hands on his belly and just laugh. We (Greg, David, and I) did so many funny things together and had such great times. Things we should have done and things we shouldn't have done, I'll "Never" forget.   On Saturday morning Dad took us out for breakfast. We all finished eating and followed my Dad up to the cashier. Greg asked Dad if he could have a candy bar. I looked at Greg shaking my head. He just laughed. After breakfast, Father took us to my Mom's house.   When we got out at Mom's house there was no one home. So, one of us grabbed a big wheel and rode it down the steep driveway into the street. Just boys being boys. Greg and I did it several times until the last time. The car hit him on the head, knocking him around 75-- 100 yards. My brother and I both ran screaming just yelling for help and crying. One of the neighbors called 911. I was in shock. That day was forever etched into our memories.   It still hurts to think about it. Wishing we could have grown old together. Wondering how it would have been. I'm sure It WOULD HAVE BEEN GREAT.
Jim found a job in a shop two years ago. Mrs. White, the shopkeeper trusts the able young man and pays him more. He's happy and works harder. Once Jim knew a beautiful girl called Mabel at a friend's party. They danced for several times and the girl was deeply in love. But Mabel's parents didn't agree to marry their daughter to a poor young man. So they began to travel in America and didn't let the girl come back to London. She wrote a letter to Jim and told him about it. Of course the young man hadn't enough money to go to see her. He was so sad that he began to drink. It was Saturday one day. Jim didn't go to work. He came to a bar and sat down to drink. Just then an old friend of his came in. He asked him to drink with him. Crying, he told Mike all and the young man felt sorry for him. After a while they were both drunk and left. Mike wanted to take his friend home. When they passed a zoo, they went in and walked to a cage in which there were two tigers. Having seen them, a tiger roared. Mike was afraid and said, "Let's go. Let's go. It's dangerous to stand here." "I don't think so," said Jim. " I'm watching TV now".
BT Group plc (trading as BT) is a holding company which owns British Telecommunications plc, a British multinational telecommunications company with head offices in London, United Kingdom. It has operations in around 180 countries and is the largest provider of fixed-line, mobile and broadband services in the UK, and also provides subscription television and IT services.   BT's origins date back to the founding of the Electric Telegraph Company in 1846 which developed a nationwide communications network. In 1912, the General Post Office, a government department, became the monopoly telecoms supplier in the United Kingdom. The Post Office Act of 1969 led to the GPO becoming a public corporation. British Telecommunications, trading as "British Telecom", was formed in 1980, and became independent of the Post Office in 1981. British Telecommunications was privatised in 1984, becoming "British Telecommunications plc", with some 50 percent of its shares sold to investors. The Government sold its remaining stake in further share sales in 1991 and 1993. BT has a primary listing on the London Stock Exchange, a secondary listing on the New York Stock Exchange, and is a constituent of the FTSE 100 Index.   BT controls a number of large subsidiaries. BT Global Services division supplies telecoms services to corporate and government customers worldwide, and its BT Consumer division supplies telephony, broadband, and subscription television services in Great Britain to around 18 million customers. BT announced in February 2015 that it had agreed to acquire EE for £12.5 billion, and received final regulatory approval from the Competition and Markets Authority on 15 January 2016. The transaction was completed on 29 January 2016.
If you can believe it, it's been 25 years since Edward James Olmos portrayed real-life math teacher Jaime Escalante in "Stand and Deliver." Escalante, a Bolivian immigrant, taught in a tough East L.A. high school and pushed his lowest-achieving students to learn calculus. The inspirational role won Olmos a Golden Globe and garnered him an Academy Award nomination for best actor, a first for an American-born Latino.   Since then, he's played memorable roles, such as Lt. Martin Castillo in "Miami Vice," Abraham Quintanilla in the film "Selena" and William Adama in "Battlestar Galactica."   Now, in his newest role as executive producer and actor in "Filly Brown," he plays lawyer named Leandro who tries to help Mexican-American hip-hop artist Maria Jose 'Majo' Tonorio, aka Filly Brown, and her family get her mom out of jail. The late Jenni Rivera plays the part of Majo's mother MarÃ­a and Lou Diamond Philips plays the father who takes care of Majo and her younger sister.   Olmos took some time to talk to CNN about the genuine portrayal of Jaime Escalante, what Latinos can do to make it in Hollywood and why Filly Brown's story needs to be told.   It's been 25 years since "Stand and Deliver" premiered in theaters. Did you ever imagine that the movie would be so successful and influential as it's been?   I don't think anyone could've predicted that. Teachers use (it) as part of their curriculum. Millions of kids see it every year. That's why the movie is so well seen. It's amazing what that movie has done with the youth. I don't think anyone could have guessed that it would be used the way it's being used. It continues to be inspirational. 
The term Carnival is traditionally used in areas with a large Catholic presence. However, the Philippines, a predominantly Roman Catholic country, does not celebrate Carnival anymore since the dissolution of the Manila Carnival after 1939, the last carnival in the country. In historically Lutheran countries, the celebration is known as Fastelavn, and in areas with a high concentration of Anglicans and Methodists, pre-Lenten celebrations, along with penitential observances, occur on Shrove Tuesday. In Eastern Orthodox nations, Maslenitsa is celebrated during the last week before Great Lent. In German-speaking Europe and the Netherlands, the Carnival season traditionally opens on 11/11 (often at 11:11 a.m.). This dates back to celebrations before the Advent season or with harvest celebrations of St. Martin's Day.   Traditionally a carnival feast was the last opportunity to eat well before the time of food shortage at the end of the winter during which one was limited to the minimum necessary. On what nowadays is called vastenavond (the days before fasting) all the remaining winter stores of lard, butter and meat which were left would be eaten, for it would soon start to rot and decay. The selected livestock had in fact already been slaughtered in November and the meat would be no longer preservable. All the food that had survived the winter had to be eaten to assure that everyone was fed enough to survive until the coming spring would provide new food sources.
Robert Frost was one of America's best known and most honored serious writers. But his fame came late in his life. He was born in San Francisco, California in 1874. He lived in California during his early childhood. He was named after the chief Southern general in America's Civil War. The general's name was Robert Edward Lee. The poet was named Robert Lee Frost, because his father wanted to honor the general. Someone once asked another American writer, Ernest Hemingway, how to become a writer. The best thing, he said, was to have an unhappy childhood. If this is true, Robert Frost's childhood was unhappy enough to make him a very good writer. Robert Frost's father was a reporter who wanted to be a politician. He often drank too much wine and became angry. Robert was the victim of his anger. Robert Frost finished high school in 1891. After high school, Robert's grandfather offered to pay his costs at Dartmouth College. But Robert left the school after a few months. He did not like it. He spent the next few years working at different jobs. At one time, he worked in a factory. Later, he repaired shoes. He was a teacher. He was a reporter. Always, he wrote poetry. Robert Frost attended Harvard University for two years. After that, he returned to the many jobs he held before. For a while, Frost tried to take care of a farm in the state of New Hampshire. He was not a successful farmer. And he continued to write poetry. He said that until 1930, he earned only about ten dollars a year from writing. In 1912, he decided to try to make a new start. He took his family to Britain. The cost of living was low. In Britain, Frost found a publisher for his first book of poems. The book was called A Boy's Will. When it appeared in 1913. Frost received high praise from British readers. Praise was something he had not received in his own country. Ezra Pound, another American poet living in Britain, read the poems and liked them very much. He wrote a magazine article about Frost. He also helped get Frost's second book of poems published in America. That book was called North of Boston.
One Friday Mrs. King asked her class to write a story after class. "Use your imagination!" she cried, "You can write your story about anything." Kenny looked worried. "A story?" he thought, "What could I possible have to write about? I don't know any stories." The bell rang and all the kids went home. The next day, Kenny sat at his desk at home, thinking and thinking. The warm sun was shining through the windows, making him _ And soon he fell fast asleep. As he slept, Kenny began to dream about fantastic things. First he dreamed that he was a world-famous doctor, saving whole cities and curing diseases. Then he dreamed that he was in a UFO. He was talking to strange but friendly space creatures. Then he dreamed that he had become as small as a mouse by a bad scientist. He had to find a way to stop the plot of the mad scientist! Kenny dreamed wonderful and exciting things until his little brother woke him up. "What were you dreaming about?" he asked. Kenny told his brother the wonderful dreams. His brother enjoyed the stories. Suddenly, Kenny knew that he had his kinds of stories in his imagination.
Today was an important day for Sam: he was going to go to the pet store and pick out a pet to take home and live with him! Sam was worried that he would not find a pet that would like him better than the other pets, but he knew he would find the pet for him. The pet store had a big, white door and Sam opened it up and heard lots of barking! He saw a nice man standing next to the dogs who said that his name was Chris. Sam said hello and petted the dogs. He really liked one of the dogs named Rocky, but Rocky did not like him. Chris said that Rocky was mean and did not like some people even when the people were very nice. Sam was a little sad, but he saw the next cage! There was a small, yellow dog in the cage named Button. Sam put his finger through the bars in Button's cage and Button licked his fingers. Sam laughed, and asked Chris to let him play with Buttons. Sam and Buttons played together in the grass outside of the store, and Sam was so happy. Buttons loved Sam, and Sam loved Buttons! Sam had some papers that he had to sign, and he showed Chris all of the toys and items he had bought to bring home with his new pet: Chris was so happy, too! Sam put his new friend on a leash and took Buttons home with him, and they loved each other very much.
What a miracle! A low-cost Lost in Thailand <<>> has got the best ticket sales. It is true that Lost in Thailand has become the most popular Chinese film of all time. The ticket sales The movie Lost in Thailand cost just 30 million yuan to make, but it has earned more than 1.2 billion yuan. It has got more ticket than Painted Skin: The Resurrection, the best-selling movie this summer in China. The story summary Lost in Thailand is a comedy. It is a story about three Chinese men who met on their trips to Thailand. The movie has a great plot. Xu Lang is a businessman. He hurried to Thailand to look for his boss because of his special purpose. His competitor, Gao Bo followed him to Thailand, too. Xu Lang met Wang Bao, a pancake maker on his way to Thailand, Three Chinese men had some funny and _ experiences in Thailand and the story made people high. The director and actors The director of the movie is Xu Zheng. He has been a popular actor for about ten years. He was famous for his role, the Evil Pig in a popular TV serious. Lost in Thailand is his first movie that was directed by Xu Zheng. Xu Zheng is a lead role in the movie. Huang Bo and Wang Baoqiang are China's top comedians and the both play the important roles in the movie. ,A, B, c, D,. (10)
Newcastle upon Tyne (RP: i/ˌnjuːkɑːsəl əˌpɒn ˈtaɪn/; Locally: i/njuːˌkæsəl əˌpən ˈtaɪn/), commonly known as Newcastle, is a city in Tyne and Wear, North East England, 103 miles (166 km) south of Edinburgh and 277 miles (446 km) north of London on the northern bank of the River Tyne, 8.5 mi (13.7 km) from the North Sea. Newcastle is the most populous city in the North East and Tyneside the eighth most populous conurbation in the United Kingdom. Newcastle is a member of the English Core Cities Group and is a member of the Eurocities network of European cities. Newcastle was part of the county of Northumberland until 1400, when it became a county itself, a status it retained until becoming part of Tyne and Wear in 1974.[not in citation given] The regional nickname and dialect for people from Newcastle and the surrounding area is Geordie.   The city developed around the Roman settlement Pons Aelius and was named after the castle built in 1080 by Robert Curthose, William the Conqueror's eldest son. The city grew as an important centre for the wool trade in the 14th century, and later became a major coal mining area. The port developed in the 16th century and, along with the shipyards lower down the River Tyne, was amongst the world's largest shipbuilding and ship-repairing centres. Newcastle's economy includes corporate headquarters, learning, digital technology, retail, tourism and cultural centres, from which the city contributes £13 billion towards the United Kingdom's GVA. Among its icons are Newcastle Brown Ale; Newcastle United football club; and the Tyne Bridge. It has hosted the world's most popular half marathon, the Great North Run, since it began in 1981.
CBC Canada , CTV News A group of Canadian kids are spreading a bit of Christmas spirit in Halifax, Nova Scotia, by covering warm clothes around light poles for the city's homeless people to pick up and use. _ was such an unusual sight that locals stopped to take pictures to share on social media . Every year, Tara Atkins-Smith collects warm clothes from her community in order to help the less lucky. This year, since the family was traveling to Halifax with their daughter Jayda and seven of her friends to celebrate her 8thbirthday Tara thought it was the perfect time to teach the chidren a valuable life lesson. The kids spent time handing out coats to the homeless and tied the rest around light poles for others to pick up. Each of the clothes had a tag that read, "I am not lost. If you are caught in the cold, please take me to keep warm. " According to Tara, the experience helped the children better understand the difficult situation of homeless people, who have to brave the cold winter on the streets. "When we got back in the car after an hour on the street, they were all freezing cold and crying for the heater to be on because they were cold , " she said. By next morning, all the jackets, gloves, and scarves on the poles were gone. Photos of the inspriring project have been shared about 8, 000 times on Facebook, and have got over10,000 likes. Tara, who did something similar in Toronto in December last year, says she's already planning next year's coat drive. She hopes that the meaningful thing can spread around the world, and she also wants to add $5 fast food gift card so that the homeless people can also enjoy a hot meal. "We've got help from others when we were in need, and we knew how great it made us feel," said Zackary Atkins, Tara's husband.
Charles, Prince of Wales (Charles Philip Arthur George; born 14 November 1948) is the eldest child and heir apparent of Queen Elizabeth II. Known alternatively in Cornwall as Duke of Cornwall and in Scotland as Duke of Rothesay, he is the longest-serving heir apparent in British history, having held the position since 1952. He is also the oldest person to be next in line to the throne since Sophia of Hanover (the heir presumptive to Queen Anne), who died in 1714 at the age of 83.   Charles was born at Buckingham Palace as the first grandchild of King George VI and Queen Elizabeth. He was educated at Cheam and Gordonstoun Schools, which his father, Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh, had attended as a child, as well as the Timbertop campus of Geelong Grammar School in Victoria, Australia. After earning a bachelor of arts degree from Trinity College, Cambridge, Charles served in the Royal Navy from 1971 to 1976.   In 1981, he married Lady Diana Spencer and they had two sons: Prince William (born 1982), later to become Duke of Cambridge, and Prince Harry (born 1984). In 1996, the couple divorced, following well-publicised extramarital affairs. Diana died in a car crash in Paris the following year. In 2005, Charles married Camilla Parker Bowles.
Australasia, a region of Oceania, comprises Australia, New Zealand, neighbouring islands in the Pacific Ocean and, sometimes, the island of New Guinea (which is usually considered to be part of Melanesia). Charles de Brosses coined the term (as French "Australasie") in "Histoire des navigations aux terres australes" (1756). He derived it from the Latin for "south of Asia" and differentiated the area from Polynesia (to the east) and the southeast Pacific (Magellanica). The bulk of Australasia sits on the Indo-Australian Plate, together with India.   Physiographically, Australasia includes New Zealand, Australia (including Tasmania), and Melanesia: New Guinea and neighbouring islands north and east of Australia in the Pacific Ocean. The designation is sometimes applied to all the lands and islands of the Pacific Ocean lying between the equator and latitude 47° south. Physiographically, Australasia includes the Australian landmass (including Tasmania), New Zealand, and New Guinea. The independent country of Papua New Guinea also includes approximately 600 offshore islands.   Most of Australasia lies on the southern portion of the Indo-Australian Plate, flanked by the Indian Ocean to the west and the Southern Ocean to the south. Peripheral territories lie on the Eurasian Plate to the northwest, the Philippine Plate to the north, and in the Pacific Ocean – including numerous marginal seas – atop the Pacific Plate to the north and east.
For decades, prosecutors say, Johann (John) Breyer had successfully eluded a dark past.   In his twilight years, the 89-year-old Philadelphia man was forced to defend himself against accusations that he was more than a mere perimeter guard at the notorious Auschwitz camp, where more than 1 million people, most of them Jews, were killed during World War II. He maintained that he never persecuted anyone.   In 2003, a U.S. court ruled that he was not responsible for joining a Nazi unit because he was only 17 years old at the time.   But new evidence has emerged, U.S. and German prosecutors say, that shows Breyer had to have been involved in the crimes that occurred in that place.   Breyer, who has lived in the United States since the 1950s, is facing possible extradition to Germany following his arrest Tuesday in Philadelphia, authorities said.   Federal Magistrate Judge Timothy R. Rice on Wednesday ordered him held without bail, pending an extradition hearing in late August.   "Extradition is traditionally a very long and complicated process," CNN legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin said. "It's always possible to fight extradition. It just often takes a long time."   German authorities alleged that Breyer served in the Nazi "Death's Head Guard Battalion" from 1943 to 1945 at the Auschwitz II-Birkenau concentration camp and at another location, according to court papers.   German authorities have charged Breyer with complicity in the murder of more than 216,000 European Jews from Hungary, Germany, and Czechoslovakia, who were forcibly deported to Auschwitz, in southern Poland, on 158 trains between May and October 1944, according to court documents filed in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania. 
Samuel Osmond is a 19-year-old law student from Cornwall, England. He never studied the piano. However, he can play very difficult musical pieces by musicians such as Chopin and Beethoven just a few minutes after he hears them. He learns a piece of music by listening to it in parts. Then he thinks about the notes in his head. Two years ago, he played his first piece Moonlight Sonata by Beethoven. He surprised everyone around him.   Amazed that he remembered this long and difficult piece of music and played it perfectly, his teachers say Samuel is unbelievable .They say his ability is very rare, but Samuel doesn't even realize that what he can do is special. Samuel wanted to become a lawyer as it was the wish of his parents, but music teachers told him he should study music instead. Now, he studies law and music.   Samuel can't understand why everyone is so surprised. "I grew up with music. My mother played the piano and my father played the guitar. About two years ago, I suddenly decided to start playing the piano, without being able to read music and without having any lessons. It comes easily to me ---I hear the notes and can bear them in mind---each and every note," says Samuel.   Recently, Samuel performed a piece during a special event at his college. The piece had more than a thousand notes. The audience was impressed by his amazing performance. He is now learning a piece that is so difficult that many professional pianists can't play it. Samuel says confidently," It's all about super memory---I guess I have that gift."   However, Samuel's ability to remember things doesn't stop with music. His family says that even when he was a young boy, Samuel heard someone read a story, and then he could retell the story word for word.   Samuel is still only a teenager. He doesn't know what he wants to do in the future. For now, he is just happy to play beautiful music and continue his studies.
Dell was listed at number 51 in the Fortune 500 list, until 2014. After going private in 2013, the newly confidential nature of its financial information prevents the company from being ranked by Fortune. In 2014 it was the third largest PC vendor in the world after Lenovo and HP. Dell is currently the #1 shipper of PC monitors in the world. Dell is the sixth largest company in Texas by total revenue, according to Fortune magazine. It is the second largest non-oil company in Texas – behind AT&T – and the largest company in the Greater Austin area. It was a publicly traded company (NASDAQ: DELL), as well as a component of the NASDAQ-100 and S&P 500, until it was taken private in a leveraged buyout which closed on October 30, 2013.   Originally, Dell did not emphasize the consumer market, due to the higher costs and unacceptably low profit margins in selling to individuals and households; this changed when the company’s Internet site took off in 1996 and 1997. While the industry’s average selling price to individuals was going down, Dell's was going up, as second- and third-time computer buyers who wanted powerful computers with multiple features and did not need much technical support were choosing Dell. Dell found an opportunity among PC-savvy individuals who liked the convenience of buying direct, customizing their PC to their means, and having it delivered in days. In early 1997, Dell created an internal sales and marketing group dedicated to serving the home market and introduced a product line designed especially for individual users.
Eight previously unheard Michael Jackson songs will be released on a new album in May, Epic Records announced Monday.   The late pop icon's music has been "contemporized" by several producers who Epic Chairman L.A. Reid believes have the "gravitas, depth and range to creatively engage with Jackson's work," the announcement said.   Fans can preorder the new album, titled "Xscape," on iTunes starting Tuesday, but it will be in stores around the world on May 13, the company said.   Jackson died at age 50 on June 25, 2009, while preparing for his "This Is It" comeback tour.   "Michael left behind some musical performances that we take great pride in presenting through the vision of music producers that he either worked directly with or expressed strong desire to work with," Reid said.   Timbaland is the lead producer, with contributions from Rodney Jerkins, Stargate, Jerome "J-Roc" Harmon and Jackson estate executor John McClain, the release said. Timberland had previously revealed he was working on the project for Epic.   The album title is derived from one of the new singles. Jackson and Jerkins co-wrote and co-produced the song "Xscape," which Jerkins "contemporized" for the project, the company said.   Sony's Columbia Epic Records -- Jackson's record label for three decades -- signed a long-term deal with Jackson's estate to posthumously release music from the large archives of his recordings.   Reid "was granted unlimited access to the treasures representing four decades of material on which Jackson had completed his vocals," the announcement said.   The Epic release included a quote from Jackson estate co-executors John Branca and John McClain supporting the new album. "Michael was always on the cutting edge and was constantly reaching out to new producers, looking for new sounds. He was always relevant and current. These tracks, in many ways, capture that spirit. We thank L.A. Reid for his vision."   
The stench of the burnt bodies was so potent, Abu Jafar said, he could smell it from 2 kilometers (1.2 miles) away.   "It smells awful because the regime appears to have burnt so many bodies recently," the opposition activist said Sunday from the beleaguered city of Homs.   "Some cars arrived this morning and carried away dead bodies. We are not sure where."   Read more: Deadly day in Syria as diplomats talk   Jafar's account comes a day after what may be the deadliest day yet in Syria's 21-month civil war, according to opposition figures.   Lakhdar Brahimi, the joint U.N.-Arab League envoy, gave a dire warning Sunday on the rapidly deteriorating situation in Syria.   "If nearly 50,000 people have been killed in about two years, do not expect just 25,000 people to die next year -- maybe 100,000 will die," he told reporters in Cairo.   "The pace is increasing," he said.   "A solution is still possible, but it is only getting more complicated every day," Brahimi added. "Had we dealt more carefully with this conflict in 2011, it would have been much easier to resolve it. There is no question that it is much harder today."   Read more: 'Til death do us part: Marriage destroyed by war   Brahimi met Sunday with Nabil Elaraby, secretary-general of the Arab League.   On Saturday, Brahimi met with Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov. Russia and China have used their veto power in the U.N. Security Council to block some of the toughest resolutions proposed against the Syrian regime. 
The children's father wanted to know what every one wanted on their pizza. Andy wanted a strawberry on his pizza. Father thought that was funny. Father asked if anyone wanted chicken on the pizza. Sue did not want chicken. Andy wanted chicken. Dan did not want chicken, but their father wanted to get chicken on the pizza. Dan asked if they could have mushrooms on the pizza. Father did not like mushrooms. Andy and Sue wanted to have mushrooms, so their father had them put mushrooms on the pizza. Sue wanted to have green onions on the pizza. Father also wanted green onions. Dan and Andy did not like green onions, so they did not get green onions on the pizza. Father wanted to order thin crust pizza. Dan thought that thin crust pizza had the taste of an old shoe. Sue thought Dan was wrong. Sue wanted thin crust pizza also. Andy wanted thick crust pizza. He did not want thin crust, so their father ordered the pizza with thick crust. The pizza was very good and they ate it all.
Lighting or illumination is the deliberate use of light to achieve a practical or aesthetic effect. Lighting includes the use of both artificial light sources like lamps and light fixtures, as well as natural illumination by capturing daylight. Daylighting (using windows, skylights, or light shelves) is sometimes used as the main source of light during daytime in buildings. This can save energy in place of using artificial lighting, which represents a major component of energy consumption in buildings. Proper lighting can enhance task performance, improve the appearance of an area, or have positive psychological effects on occupants.   Indoor lighting is usually accomplished using light fixtures, and is a key part of interior design. Lighting can also be an intrinsic component of landscape projects.   Forms of lighting include alcove lighting, which like most other uplighting is indirect. This is often done with fluorescent lighting (first available at the 1939 World's Fair) or rope light, occasionally with neon lighting, and recently with LED strip lighting. It is a form of backlighting.
I'm Lucy. I'm 14 years old. I come to China this year. Now I'm in Beijing International Middle School. I like animals . I think they're my good friends. When I go to school this morning, I meet a man with a cage . Five birds are in it . " How do you get these birds?" I ask . " I give them some food . When they come to eat it , I get them ." The man says . " They are too poor . Why do you get them ?" I ask the man . " It's very interesting !" The man says . " I need to do something ." I think . I want to help the birds . " Can I buy them ?" I ask . " Well ," he says , "Give me 50 yuan and your jacket ." I don't want to give my jacket to him because I like it very much . But for these birds I do it . The man gives me the cage. Then I let the birds fly out of the cage . I am happy to do that .
Charlize Theron won an Oscar for covering up her beauty and finding grains of sympathy, as well as revulsion, for the serial killer Aileen Wuornos in "Monster."   She deserves to win a second nomination for playing the sexy, unmoored, utterly reprehensible Mavis Gary in "Young Adult." Mavis is one of those people blessed with good looks, talent and brains, but whose sense of entitlement far outstrips any civilized social boundaries. She's a pure narcissist, oblivious to other people's feelings and contemptuous of any experience that doesn't feed her own ego. In other words, Mavis is another monster, but a monster who can pass for beautiful with only a couple of hours in the salon.   As we know (you see it spread all over the supermarket tabloids every week), there's a perverse thrill in watching one of the beautiful people fall apart. And there's some of that same schadenfreude in play while watching the new black comedy from the "Juno" combo, writer Diablo Cody and director Jason Reitman.   Mavis is a ghostwriter for a successful young adult book series, and even that minor claim to fame is soon to be extinguished: The series is played out and the novel she is working on will be the last of them. Perhaps that's why she feels compelled to head back home when she receives an e-mail from an ex-boyfriend, Buddy Slade (Patrick Wilson), announcing the birth of his first child. Figuring, very, very, wrongly, that this message must be some kind of coded cry for help, Mavis hops into her Mini and heads straight to Mercury, Minnesota, where she grew up, and where she means to reconnect with Buddy and free him from his domesticated servitude. 
Do you like doing sports every day? A lot of people like doing sports because they can help them to keep fit. Today Yoga is women's favorite kind of sports. But many people like to watch others to play ball games. They like Yao Ming and David Beckham very much. Yao Ming plays basketball very well. David Beckham is good at playing football. People often watch their favorite players or teams on TV. When they watch them on TV, they feel excited. Sports change with the seasons. People play different games in different seasons. They will swim in summer and skate in winter. In autumn, they enjoy playing volleyball and tennis. They love going on a trip in spring. Doing sports is good for people's health. Swimming is suitable for the hot weather but skating is great for the cold weather. Swimming in some places is popular. People living near the sea or lakes or rivers often swim in summer. Many American families do some sports at the weekend. They are happy and healthy.
Almost two decades ago, a parlor game called "Six Degrees of Kevin Bacon" became an unlikely grass-roots phenomenon among movie buffs and foretold today's social web of online connections.   Maybe the only one who was not amused by the game was Kevin Bacon himself.   "I was horrified by it. I thought it was a giant joke at my expense," said the prolific actor Saturday during a talk at the South by Southwest Interactive festival here. "I appreciate it now. But I was very resistant to it (at first)."   The game, which celebrates its 20th anniversary this year, requires players to link celebrities to Bacon, in as few steps as possible, via the movies they have in common. The more odd or random the celebrity, the better. For example, O.J. Simpson was in "The Naked Gun 33⅓" with Olympia Dukakis, who was in "Picture Perfect" with Kevin Bacon.   Inspired by "six degrees of separation," the theory that nobody is more than six relationships away from any other person in the world, the game was dreamed up in 1994 by Brian Turtle and two classmates at Albright College in Reading, Pennsylvania. They were watching "Footloose" on TV when it was followed by another Kevin Bacon movie, and then another.   "It was just one of those lightbulb moments," said Turtle, who joined Bacon onstage at SXSW. "It was like, 'This guy is everywhere! He's the center of the entertainment universe.' "   After it spread among their friends, Turtle and his co-creators, Craig Fass and Mike Ginelli, managed to get booked on Jon Stewart's then-MTV show to explain the game. 
(CNN)Lindsey Vonn may have missed out on gold at last month's world championships, but the American skier has set her sights on end-of-season glory after claiming a record-extending 65th World Cup win on Sunday.   Vonn's victory in the super-G event at Garmisch-Partenkirchen in Germany gave her the outright lead in the speed discipline ahead of this month's finals in France.   Having finished seventh in Saturday's downhill, the 30-year-old rebounded by coming home 0.2 seconds ahead of overall World Cup leader Tina Maze, whose coach set up the course.   It put Vonn eight points ahead of super-G world champion Anna Fenninger, who placed third to give back the 20 points she'd earned over Maze the day before -- when their positions were reversed.   "I think it was set probably against Anna," said Vonn, who took bronze behind Maze at last month's world championships in Colorado. "That was a wise choice by Tina's coach. But it also really suited me and I liked it."   "It's going to be a close fight in downhill and super-G, so I will really have to ski my best at the finals in Meribel. Hopefully I can get two titles," added Vonn, who is 35 points ahead of Fenninger in the downhill standings.   But Vonn is well off the pace in the fight for the overall crown -- which she last won in 2012, her fourth success -- in third place almost 200 points behind the Austrian.   Maze is another 44 points ahead of Fenninger, with just two slalom events in Sweden next week before the March 16-22 finale. 
Luo Zhixiang is a popular singer, an actor and a TV host. His English name is Show. He dances well. He is often called "Dancing King of Asia". He now becomes more and more popular. Show is from Taiwan Island. He is tall and cool. A lot of people love him very much because they love his songs and his wonderful voice. He is handsome now. but he was very fat in high school. So he got a nickname "Pig"at that time. His classmates made fun of him sometimes. But he exercised and lost weight successfully . Now he is glad that people call him "Pig". He likes showing himself to others. The people around him are very happy to see his performance . Show is hard-working. His TV show is successful. Many people like watching _ . He often says, "If you have a chance, just do it!" He does it. Maybe it is why he is so successful.
Donald was shaken by thunder on the bed before he could count "one thousand one". Then he heard the smoke alarm go off. He went downstairs quickly to investigate. When he opened the door to the basement , flames exploded out.   Donald fled back upstairs to call 911 but the phone didn't work. When he tried to go downstairs, he was stopped by a wall of flames. He had to use a towel to cover his mouth. His house was three miles off the main road and so well hidden by trees that Donald knew calling for help would be useless. Actually, he didn't even try to do that.   About one mile away lived Donald's closest neighbor, Jeremie. When he heard some sounds, Jeremie jumped out of bed, holding a phone and a flashlight, and went towards the noise. He dialed 911 the instant he saw the flames. When he came close to the house, Jeremie knew he'd better wait until rescuers came. But he didn't want Donald to die in the fire.   Without hesitation , he rushed into the house. He shouted, "Donald, where are you?" Then he had to run outside to catch his breath. After one more attempt , he gave up and circled around back. He saw Donald on the second-floor balcony, but there was no way to get to him. Suddenly, he noticed a ladder. He dragged it over to the balcony and pulled Donald down just when the second floor fell down.   Within the year, Donald built a new two-story wood house at the site of the fire. Jeremie and Donald don't run into each other regularly, but Donald knows that if he ever needs help, Jeremie will be there.
Real Madrid duly took advantage of Barcelona's latest slip-up to return to the top of La Liga after a routine 3-0 win over Levante in the Bernabeu Sunday.   The mid-table visitors ended the match with 10 men after David Navarro was sent off in the second half for a foul on Cristiano Ronaldo, but they were well beaten even before he saw red.   Ronaldo had put Real ahead after 11 minutes before defender Marcelo put the home side two up just after halftime.   An own goal from Nikos Karabelas completed Levante's miserable evening.   The victory put Carlo Ancelotti's men three points clear of city rivals Atletico.   Defending champions Barca lost 1-0 to struggling Valladolid Saturday and trail by four in third place, making this month's El Clasico clash with Real all the more important.   Real have not lost since a 2-1 league reverse to Barcelona in October as their goalscoring trio of Ronaldo, Karim Benzema and Gareth Bale have found the net on a regular basis.   Ronaldo showed his heading qualities by rising to meet Angel di Maria's corner to put Real ahead before Benzema hit the post.   Marcelo's superlative curling effort on 49 minutes all but settled the affair before Navarro, who was once banned for seven months after a notorious Champions League brawl when playing for Valencia, got his marching orders for the seventh time in his career.   Marcelo also had a hand in the final goal as Karabelas turned the defender's cross into his own goal and there was just time for Ronaldo to thump the woodwork as he sought a second. 
Cambridge English Dictionary states that culture is, "the way of life, especially the general customs and beliefs, of a particular group of people at a particular time." Terror Management Theory posits that culture is a series of activities and worldviews that provide humans with the illusion of being individuals of value in a world meaning—raising themselves above the merely physical aspects of existence, in order to deny the animal insignificance and death that Homo Sapiens became aware of when they acquired a larger brain.   As a defining aspect of what it means to be human, culture is a central concept in anthropology, encompassing the range of phenomena that are transmitted through social learning in human societies. The word is used in a general sense as the evolved ability to categorize and represent experiences with symbols and to act imaginatively and creatively. This ability arose with the evolution of behavioral modernity in humans around 50,000 years ago.[citation needed] This capacity is often thought to be unique to humans, although some other species have demonstrated similar, though much less complex abilities for social learning. It is also used to denote the complex networks of practices and accumulated knowledge and ideas that is transmitted through social interaction and exist in specific human groups, or cultures, using the plural form. Some aspects of human behavior, such as language, social practices such as kinship, gender and marriage, expressive forms such as art, music, dance, ritual, religion, and technologies such as cooking, shelter, clothing are said to be cultural universals, found in all human societies. The concept material culture covers the physical expressions of culture, such as technology, architecture and art, whereas the immaterial aspects of culture such as principles of social organization (including, practices of political organization and social institutions), mythology, philosophy, literature (both written and oral), and science make up the intangible cultural heritage of a society.
The Anglo-Saxons were a people who inhabited Great Britain from the 5th century. They comprise people from Germanic tribes who migrated to the island from continental Europe, their descendants, and indigenous British groups who adopted some aspects of Anglo-Saxon culture and language. Historically, the Anglo-Saxon period denotes the period in Britain between about 450 and 1066, after their initial settlement and up until the Norman conquest.   The early Anglo-Saxon period includes the creation of an English nation, with many of the aspects that survive today, including regional government of shires and hundreds. During this period, Christianity was established and there was a flowering of literature and language. Charters and law were also established. The term "Anglo-Saxon" is popularly used for the language that was spoken and written by the Anglo-Saxons in England and eastern Scotland between at least the mid-5th century and the mid-12th century. In scholarly use, it is more commonly called Old English.   The history of the Anglo-Saxons is the history of a cultural identity. It developed from divergent groups in association with the people's adoption of Christianity, and was integral to the establishment of various kingdoms. Threatened by extended Danish invasions and military occupation of eastern England, this identity was re-established; it dominated until after the Norman Conquest. The visible Anglo-Saxon culture can be seen in the material culture of buildings, dress styles, illuminated texts and grave goods. Behind the symbolic nature of these cultural emblems, there are strong elements of tribal and lordship ties. The elite declared themselves as kings who developed "burhs", and identified their roles and peoples in Biblical terms. Above all, as Helena Hamerow has observed, "local and extended kin groups remained...the essential unit of production throughout the Anglo-Saxon period." The effects persist in the 21st century as, according to a study published in March 2015, the genetic make up of British populations today shows divisions of the tribal political units of the early Anglo-Saxon period.
(RollingStone.com) -- Jon Stewart says that his Rally to Restore Sanity -- and Stephen Colbert's sister event, March to Keep Fear Alive -- are not meant to counter Glenn Beck's Restoring Honor event of last August.   "The march is like everything that we do, just a construct ... to translate the type of material that Stephen and I do on "The Daily Show" and "Colbert Report," Stewart said at a Q&A last night at New York's 92nd Street Y.   Instead, the rallies are meant to satirize the political process, and the news coverage spawned from it.   "I'm less upset about politicians than the media," Stewart, who was quoted by The Hollywood Reporter, said, adding that he "very much" wanted to avoid claims that his rally was a response to Beck's.   Obama in command: The Rolling Stone interview   The Rally to Restore Sanity and March to Keep Fear Alive will take place in Washington, D.C. on October 30th. (Halloween costumes will likely be involved.)   "Think of our event as Woodstock, but with the nudity and drugs replaced by respectful disagreement; the Million Man March, only a lot smaller, and a bit less of a sausage fest; or the Gathering of the Juggalos, but instead of throwing our feces at Tila Tequila, we'll be actively not throwing our feces at Tila Tequila," goes a description on the Rally to Restore Sanity site.   Matt Taibbi: The truth about the Tea Party   Conservative host Bill O'Reilly has declined Stewart's invitation to appear at his rally. President Barack Obama, meanwhile, said he was "amused" by the idea. 
Bhutan, officially the Kingdom of Bhutan, is a landlocked country in South Asia. Located in the Eastern Himalayas, it is bordered by Tibet Autonomous Region in the north, India in the south, the Sikkim state of India and the Chumbi Valley of Tibet in the west, and Arunachal Pradesh state of India in the east. Bhutan is geopolitically in South Asia and is the region's second least populous nation after the Maldives. Thimphu is its capital and largest city, while Phuntsholing is its financial center.   The independence of Bhutan has endured for centuries, and the territory was never colonized in its history. Situated on the ancient Silk Road between Tibet, the Indian subcontinent and Southeast Asia, the Bhutanese state developed a distinct national identity based on Buddhism. Headed by a spiritual leader known as the Zhabdrung Rinpoche, the territory was composed of many fiefdoms and governed as a Buddhist theocracy. Following a civil war in the 19th century, the House of Wangchuck reunited the country and established relations with the British Empire. Bhutan fostered a strategic partnership with India during the rise of Chinese communism and has a disputed border with the People's Republic of China. In 2008, it transitioned from an absolute monarchy to a constitutional monarchy and held the first election to the National Assembly of Bhutan, that has a two party system characterizing Bhutanese democracy.
Rory McIlroy says he is desperate to get back on track in Abu Dhabi after a disappointing first round of the new season.   Fresh from signing his new bumper multi-year deal with Nike, McIlroy struggled to adapt to his new clubs and hit two double bogeys on his way to a three-over-par 75.   Playing alongside stablemate Tiger Woods, who finished level for the day, McIlroy failed to impress on his return to the course where he came second behind Robert Rock last year.   Nike unveils Rory McIlroy: Tiger's heir apparent   But the World No.1 says he will improve when he steps out for his second round Friday.   "Yeah, a bit of rust for sure," he told reporters, after being asked why he started so poorly.   "Not playing any competitive golf for eight weeks. I guess when you're going out with new stuff, you're always going to be a little bit anxious about hitting it close like you've done on the range and today that wasn't quite the case. Hopefully I can do that tomorrow.   "I was really happy with the way the ball is in the wind. I was really happy with the irons and the wedge play.   "I wasn't very comfortable off the tee, but just because I didn't feel like I was swinging it that well."   How player power tipped Ryder Cup captaincy   McIlroy's European Ryder Cup teammate Justin Rose leads the way on five-under-par alongside Irish Open champion Jamie Donaldson.   Rose shot a bogey-free round of 67 but is expecting both Woods and McIlroy to threaten as the competition progresses. 
Garth Brooks is still holding out hope he can do shows in Ireland despite the Dublin city council saying no to two of them.   Brooks told the Irish promoter after the city's approval of just three shows he would wait "to the last second" before sending his crew and gear back the the United States.   "I cannot begin to tell you how badly my heart is breaking right now," the singer wrote in a note to Aiken Promotions on Tuesday. Brooks' rep on Wednesday provided CNN a copy of the note.   The Dublin shows had been planned for Croke Park Stadium, a football arena that can hold more than 90,000 fans, on five consecutive nights during the last week of July. The council approved Friday, Saturday and Sunday shows, but rejected licenses for Monday and Tuesday night concerts.   The promoter, saying Brooks insisted on five shows or none at all, announced Tuesday that all concerts of "The Garth Brooks Comeback Special Event" were canceled and the 400,000 tickets sold would be refunded.   A measure of the demand to see Brooks perform live is impressive, considering the 400,000 tickets sold represent nearly one of every 10 people in the Republic of Ireland's 4.5 million population.   "I hope you understand that to play for 400,000 people would be a dream, but to tell 160,000 of those people that they are not welcome would be a nightmare," Brooks wrote. "To do what the city manager suggests (play three shows and not all five) means I agree that is how people should be treated and I just can't agree with that." 
The Williams sisters have not had it easy in recent years. Two of the modern era's most successful women tennis players have been beset by health problems which have deprived the game of two of its most marketable stars.   Serena has overcome life-threatening blood clots on both lungs, while older sibling Venus is this week making her long-awaited WTA Tour comeback as she battles a debilitating illness that has sidelined her since last year's U.S. Open.   After pulling out of her second-round match in New York, Venus revealed she had been diagnosed with Sjogren's syndrome -- an incurable condition which affects energy levels and causes pain in the joints.   "I just didn't feel well before my second-round match, to the point where I couldn't play," the 31-year-old told CNN's Connect the World show.   "At the beginning of the tournament, I wasn't sure how far I would get or what I would do, I was kind of living on a hope and a dream."   After a glittering 18-year professional career which has seen her become the first black woman to be ranked world No. 1 in the Open era, winning seven grand slam singles titles and 12 major doubles crowns alongside Serena, Williams would have been forgiven for deciding to chuck in the towel.   But, instead of eying an early retirement, the winner of three Olympic gold medals set her sights on managing her illness and returning to the baseline ahead of this year's London Games.   "When you don't feel well and things are taken away from you, it's hard to stay positive," the former world No. 1 said. "But, for me, it is not an option to get negative or to feel sorry for myself. 
Project Gutenberg (PG) is a volunteer effort to digitize and archive cultural works, to "encourage the creation and distribution of eBooks". It was founded in 1971 by Michael S. Hart and is the oldest digital library. Most of the items in its collection are the full texts of public domain books. The project tries to make these as free as possible, in long-lasting, open formats that can be used on almost any computer. , Project Gutenberg reached 50,000 items in its collection.   The releases are available in plain text but, wherever possible, other formats are included, such as HTML, PDF, EPUB, MOBI, and Plucker. Most releases are in the English language, but many non-English works are also available. There are multiple affiliated projects that are providing additional content, including regional and language-specific works. Project Gutenberg is also closely affiliated with Distributed Proofreaders, an Internet-based community for proofreading scanned texts.   Project Gutenberg was started by Michael Hart in 1971 with the digitization of the United States Declaration of Independence. Hart, a student at the University of Illinois, obtained access to a Xerox Sigma V mainframe computer in the university's Materials Research Lab. Through friendly operators, he received an account with a virtually unlimited amount of computer time; its value at that time has since been variously estimated at $100,000 or $100,000,000. Hart has said he wanted to "give back" this gift by doing something that could be considered to be of great value. His initial goal was to make the 10,000 most consulted books available to the public at little or no charge, and to do so by the end of the 20th century.
"Mister D'Arcy is not a policeman. He is, however, very wise. He knew the police would search his apartment. He also knew how police think. So, he did not hide the letter where he knew they would look for it.   "Do you remember how Germont laughed when I said the mystery was difficult for him to solve because it was so simple?"   Dupin filled his pipe with tobacco and lit it. "Well, the more I thought about it, the more I realized the police could not find the letter because D'Arcy had not hidden it at all.   "So I went to visit D'Arcy in his apartment. I took a pair of dark green eyeglasses with me. I explained to him that I was having trouble with my eyes and needed to wear the dark glasses at all times. He believed me. The glasses permitted me to look around the apartment while I seemed only to be talking to him.   "I paid special attention to a large desk where there were a lot of papers and books. However, I saw nothing suspicious there. After a few minutes, however, I noticed a small shelf over the fireplace. A few postcards and a letter were lying on the shelf. The letter looked very old and dirty.   "As soon as I saw this letter, I decided it must be the one I was looking for. It must be, even though it was completely different from the one Germont had described.   "This letter had a large green stamp on it. The address was written in small letters in blue ink. I memorized every detail of the letter while I talked to D'Arcy. Then when he was not looking, I dropped one of my gloves on the floor under my chair.   "The next morning, I stopped at his apartment to look for my glove. While we were talking, we heard people shouting in the street. D'Arcy went to the window and looked out. Quickly, I stepped to the shelf and put the letter in my pocket. Then I replaced it with a letter that looked exactly like it, which I had made it the night before.   "The trouble in the street was caused by a man who had almost been run over by a horse and carriage. He was not hurt. And soon the crowd of people went away. When it was over, D'Arcy came away from the window. I said goodbye and left.   "The man who almost had an accident was one of my servants . I had paid him to create the incident."   Dupin stopped talking to light his pipe. I did not understand. "But, Dupin," I said, "why did you go to the trouble of replacing the letter? Why not just take it and leave?"   Dupin smiled. "D'Arcy is a dangerous man," he said. "And he has many loyal servants. If I had taken the letter, I might never have left his apartment alive."
A patron saint, patroness saint, patron hallow or heavenly protector is a saint who in Roman Catholicism, Anglicanism, Eastern Orthodoxy, or particular branches of Islam, is regarded as the heavenly advocate of a nation, place, craft, activity, class, clan, family or person. Catholics believe that patron saints, having already transcended to the metaphysical, are able to intercede effectively for the needs of their special charges.   Historically, a similar practice has also occurred in many Islamic lands. Although Islam has no codified doctrine of patronage on the part of saints, it has nevertheless been an important part of both Sunni and Shia Islamic tradition that particularly important classical saints have served as the heavenly advocates for specific Muslim empires, nations, cities, towns, and villages. With regard to the sheer omnipresence of this belief, the late Martin Lings wrote: "There is scarcely a region in the empire of Islam which has not a Sufi for its Patron Saint." As the veneration accorded saints often develops purely organically in Islamic climates, in a manner different to Catholic and Eastern Orthodox Christianity, "patron saints" are often recognized through popular acclaim rather than through official declaration. Traditionally, it has been understood that the patron saint of a particular place prays for that place's wellbeing and for the health and happiness of all who live therein. The veneration of patron saints has lessened since the eighteenth-century in certain parts of the Islamic world, due to the growing influence in those of areas of latter-day "reformation" movements like Salafism and Wahhabism, which shun the veneration of saints in general.
Going green is something that affects every single one of us. Whether by recycling those plastic water bottles, or by cutting down on electricity in your home, the importance of going green on a personal level is extremely important. But, when you're a millionaire NBA basketball star, how do you help out the environment? Yao Ming is a basketball player that plays for the Houston Rockets and has spoken out against hunting of sharks for fins, a delicious food in his native China. He is also the United Nations' Environmental champion. His goal is to raise awareness of climate change and energy-saving. "I will work with young people across the world and try to inspire them to plant trees, harvest rainwater and to become environmental champions in their own communities." The Philadelphia Eagles, a professional American football team, are really doing their part to give back to the community. The Eagles Go Green page has a "Green Energy Calculator" and according to the web site fans have saved $ 73,674.90 a year and saved 666,320 pounds of CO per year. Also, the Eagles have set up a "Stop global warming virtual march on Washington", a march across America for one year, through the Internet with a goal to bring fans together and to urge leaders to deal with the serious problem of global warming now. Bob Burnquist, a Brazilian skateboarder, is a member of Action Sports Environmental Coalition and founder of a program that gets organic foods and farming into schools for healthy lunch programs. Bob also has a huge homegrown organic farm where he hosted a gathering in celebration of Earth Day. Kelly Slater is a surfer and eight-time champion, but he also supports saving the coral reefs world wide. He has founded the Kelly Slater Invitational Competition which raises funds and awareness for Reef Check, which is able to get its message out to a large group of guests including professional surfers, film and music stars, and other famous people.
There once was a zoo worker named Charlie. He really liked his job that allowed his to meet new people every day and take care of zoo animals. One day, Charlie showed up at the zoo that he worked at and saw that a turtle had escaped! He quickly picked up the radio and told all of the other workers to look out for the missing Turtle named Brian. Because of this, the zoo had to close down for the whole day! They were trying so hard, but still could not find any clue to where the turtle went. Finally, a girl named Samantha went on the radio and said that she found Brian eating lettuce in the Polar Bear cage. She also told everyone that the Polar Bears were protecting Brian! For hours, the zoo team tried to find a way to get Brian out of the cage without getting hurt themselves. Charlie finally had an idea. He was going to take a stuffed turtle from the gift shop, sneak into the cage, put the Polar Bears to sleep for a little bit, and then place the stuffed turtle where Brian was eating his lettuce. Charlie's plan worked, but the Polar Bears woke up and weren't happy! They took the stuffed turtle and ripped it up! Samantha went to find some fish to make them happy again as Charlie told Brian the turtle to never run off again.
Anne Sanders was practicing soccer moves, which was not normal. Usually, Anne only plays basketball. She wins every basketball game she plays, and she loses at any other game. "Anne", I waved to her. "Why are you playing soccer?" "Well, the gym teacher is doing something different," she said. "There are teams of four and partners of two.We get to pick our partners, and I want someone to pick me. "Anne held up a list. "It looks like I'm on a team with you, Stacey, and Paul," I said. "Stacey is my best friend.Maybe we can be together: " Just then, Stacey and Paul came over. They had heard of the teams. "Do you want to be partners, Stacey?" I asked. "Well, I was going to be partners with Paul," she claimed. I didn't blame her. Paul was as fast as a rocket, and my nickname was "Snail". "But we are best friends," said Stacey. "So I guess I'II be with you. " It was our first game. Stacey went to talk to some other friends afterwards, and Paul and Anne were talking about winning their game. I was sipping on my water, when I overheard Stacey, "She's worse than I thought; if I played the team alone,, I would have won easily. She's worse than a snail. She's more like a statue. " That night, I felt terrible for losing and mad at Stacey for calling me a statue. After all, she was my best friend and my only friend. Anyway, the phone rang, and it was Stacey. At first, I thought she might apologize, but no such luck. "Allison, the game tomorrow is canceled, " she said. "Okay," I replied. "Sorry about the game today", Stacey hung up on me. The next day, I went over to the soccer field. I knew the game was canceled, but maybe I could help clean up.But instead of a mess, I saw a soccer game in progress. Stacey and were playing, and Anne was hiding in the corner. "Paul made me pretend to be sick, " she whispered. "He wants to play with Stacey because she's so fast. " So Anne and I went to get ice cream. Even if I lost Stacey ,I just created a lifelong friendship.
At least one person was killed when a National Guard helicopter crashed in waters off San Juan, Puerto Rico, a Federal Aviation Administration spokeswoman said Tuesday, citing preliminary information.   "The preliminary information we have ... is that the wreckage of (the) Army National Guard aircraft was found in the water near San Juan," spokeswoman Diane Spitaliere said in an e-mail.   The aircraft was destroyed, she said.   The crash occurred late Monday, according to Lt. Cmdr. Matthew Moorlag of the U.S. Coast Guard in Miami, Florida.   The Coast Guard received the call to help late Monday night with search and rescue efforts, said Ricardo Castrodad, spokesman for the Coast Guard in San Juan. He said three crew members and three passengers -- one guard and two civilians from Puerto Rico -- were on board.   The UH 72 Lakota helicopter departed Monday night from San Juan, he said. It was one nautical mile northeast from the Puerto Rican coast.   Castrodad did not provide information on casualties but said the search for survivors was ongoing.   CNN's Mike Ahlers and Maria P. White contributed to this report.   
A Pakistani Taliban commander who had escaped in mass prison break two years ago was arrested again last week, Pakistani intelligence sources told CNN on Tuesday.   Adnan Rashid, a prominent Tehreek-e-Taliban Pakistan commander, was captured Friday, the sources said. He was injured, but authorities were questioning him, one source said. Sources told CNN he was taken into custody in South Waziristan province and had since been moved.   But the Pakistani Taliban told CNN the report was baseless and that Rashid is in a safe area.   Authorities have said Rashid is responsible for several large prison breaks in Pakistan. In 2004, he was sentenced to death for planning an attack on former President Gen. Pervez Musharraf in 2003.   He was incarcerated at Bannu prison in northwest Pakistan and was freed, as were 400 other inmates, when militants stormed the facility in 2012.   Rashid also wrote a controversial letter to Malala Yousafzai, a Pakistani schoolgirl shot in the head on her way home from school in 2012. He told her she was targeted not because she advocated education for girls, but rather for her criticism of the militant group.   In the letter, Rashid said he was writing -- not as a Taliban leader -- to say he was shocked by the shooting, and to express his regret that he did not warn Malala of the attack.   The letter went on to say that the Taliban supports the education of women, as long as it adheres to Islamic law.   The letter drew criticism from people who said the Taliban are known to target female students. 
Goa is a state in India within the coastal region known as the Konkan in India. It is bounded by Maharashtra to the north and Karnataka to the east and south, with the Arabian Sea forming its Western coast. It is India's smallest state by area and the fourth smallest by population. Goa has the highest GDP per capita among all Indian states, that is two and a half times that of the country. It was ranked the best placed state by the "Eleventh Finance Commission" for its infrastructure and ranked on top for the best quality of life in India by the National Commission on Population based on the 12 Indicators.   Panaji is the state's capital, while Vasco da Gama is its largest city. The historic city of Margao still exhibits the cultural influence of the Portuguese, who first landed in the early 16th century as merchants and conquered it soon thereafter. Goa is a former Portuguese province; the Portuguese overseas territory of Portuguese India existed for about 450 years until it was annexed by India in 1961.   Goa is visited by large numbers of international and domestic tourists each year for its beaches, places of worship and world heritage architecture. It has rich flora and fauna, owing to its location on the Western Ghats range, a biodiversity hotspot.
Pearl and June were good friends and spent most of their time together. They were both very old and they worried about their health. Most of the time they talked about nothing else. They worried about their food. Was it clean? Would it give them pains in the stomach? They worried about the weather. Was it too cold and wet? Would it give them pains in their bones? They worried about pollution in the air. would it give them pains in their chests and throats? They worried about being hurt in a car accident, killed in a plane crash, getting sick, and so on. All they could think about was being ill or hurt. One day they went on a train journey together. "We'll need some food," Pearl said. "We'll buy some bananas," June said. "They are good to eat and always clean." And so they bought two bananas to eat on the train. It was not long before they were hungry. Pearl took out the bananas and gave one to June. Then she peeled the skin of her banana and took a large bite of it. At that moment the train went into a tunnel. Everything went black. "Don't eat your banana," Pearl shouted at June. "Mine has made me go blind!"
Public caught up in argument over safety of genetically modified or simply GM products, report Zhang Lei and Zhong Nan in Beijing.   More than 300 people gathered to enjoy a bowl of porridge made from genetically modified food on Saturday, an attempt to quell public fears about the safety of the product.   The first China Golden Rice Tasting Event was held at Huazhong Agricultural University in Wuhan, Hubei province, sparking another round in the nationwide debate about the safety of GM crops, often called "Frankenfood" by opponents.   Similar events have been held in more than 28 cities since May, the university said.   Both the pro and anti camps have posted conflicting comments on the Internet, with each providing evidence to back up their beliefs, but the exchanges are becoming increasingly bitter.   Jiang Tao, a senior engineer at the Center for Agricultural Resources Research at the Chinese Academy of Sciences, who is in favor of GM foods, was annoyed about what he called "amateurs" spreading rumors.   "Just look at the people who are opposed to GM foods; can you find anyone from a related field in the scientific community?" he asked. Jiang also accused the anti-GM lobby of repeatedly using outdated or inaccurate data to support an "incorrect" stance.   Chen Yunfa, an independent researcher into the Yangtze River Delta economy, recently wrote a commentary on the Internet news portal Eastday in which he criticized the actions of the 61 scientists, saying they had gone "beyond their proper duty". He suggested that large multinational corporations might be behind the letter and similar incidents, prompted by a desire to freeze China's patent hybrid rice technology out of the market.   To support his contentions, Chen said that GM rice, first produced by scientists in the US, still hasn't gained official approval from the US government. However, the US authorities have actually granted licenses to six varieties of GM rice. The commercial planting of two varieties - anti-herbicide (BAR) transgenic rice LL RICE 06 and LL RICE 62 - produced by the French pharmaceutical company Sanofi-Aventis, was approved in 1999 and a license for cultivation for edible use was granted in 2000.   The public outcry for GM labeling and boycotting has hindered the advancement of the technology. Concern about GM foods has been fueled by studies like the one published by French professor Gilles-Eric Seralini in September 2012. Seralini claimed that his research involving rats proved that the GM corn fed to them caused tumor growth. Furthermore, there is growing concern that the pesticides used on GMOs are contributing to the decline of the world's honey bee population, leading to honey bee deaths by infecting the brains of the insects with toxins. Therefore, some experts recommend the labeling of non-GM foods so that consumers can make that decision without a regulatory burden being placed on GMOs.   However, we should be cautious about anything that may risk humans' life. Only time will tell.
The F1 title race may have taken a potentially decisive twist Sunday as Lewis Hamilton took ruthless advantage of the misfortune which befell Mercedes teammate and bitter rival Nico Rosberg to win under the Singapore floodlights and leapfrog him in the standings.   Rosberg, who led by a commanding 22 points coming into the 14th round of the championship, was left stranded in the pit lane after failing to move off his second spot on the grid for the formation lap and later retired as the electrical malfunction could not be remedied.   Hamilton, who has won two straight races after claiming the Italian Grand Prix earlier this month, has taken a three-point advantage over Rosberg, with five races remaining.   He was made to work for his victory by four-time reigning champion Sebastian Vettel, who took the lead after Hamilton pitted for fresh tires in the closing stages, but could not hold off the charging Briton, who eventually won by over 13 seconds.   It was his seventh win of the season with Vettel and his Red Bull teammate Daniel Ricciardo completing the podium.   Ferrari's Fernando Alonso and his former teammate Felipe Massa, now with Williams, claimed fourth and fifth.   Frenchman Jean-Eric Vergne, who is set to be replaced at Toro Rosso by 16-year-old Dutchman Max Verstappen next year, finished sixth, holding off a fast-finishing Mexican Sergio Perez of Force India.   Kimi Raikkonen in the second Ferrari, Nico Hulkenberg for Force India and McLaren's Kevin Magnussen completed the points scoring on the Marina Bay street circuit. 
Downing Street sources have indicated that the British tennis player,Andy Murray,will be Recommended for a knighthood for ending Britain's 77-year wait for a Wimbledon men's champion title.David Cameron,the British prime minister,who was in the royal box on Sunday at Wimbledon told reporters that he couldn't think of anyone who deserves one more.More news on the knighthood is surely to come, but Murray's achievement has a _ in that he is Scottish, not English.   Also in the royal box show on Sunday was Scotland's first minister, Alex Salmond, waving the white-and-blue Scottish flag in the row directly behind Cameron after the victory.No Scotsman had won the singles at Wimbledon since Harold Mahony in 1896.Salmond was later asked on BBC Radio whether Murray's achievement had been a victory for Britain. "Absolutely,and for tennis fans everywhere,"Salmond said."Let everyone enjoy the victory.But you will allow us just the little private thing.Let us wave our national flag."   The Scottish government,headed by Salmond,has announced that Scotland will hold a referendum on independence from Britain in September 2014.Murray,who lives in the London area but was born and raised in the Scottish town of Dunblane,has not said publicly which way he would vote on the issue,and his Wimbledon Championship will only mix interest in his views.   But this was a national moment.Murray's semifinal victory over Jerzy   Janowicz drew a peak television audience of 13.24 million viewers, the biggest of the year in Britain.The final then topped that with a peak audience of 17.3 million,the biggest audience for a Wimbledon final since at least 1990, according to the B BC.   Only one name will go on the trophy ,but tennis at the highest level has now become a team event.Murray,who once had frequent fits of anger during matches,has transformed himself into a much more focused force with the help of an extensive support group.Murray's rise to champion has clearly something to do with his decision to hire the former number one tennis champion Ivan Lendl as his coach just before the 2012 season."He's been very patient with me; I'm just happy I managed to do it for him."   Onward Team Murray goes toward a defense of the United States Open title,beginning next month,and then eventually to defending at Wimbledon next year with the British drought well and truly over.
David Ferrer will aim to become the first Spaniard to win the Miami Masters after beating Germany's Tommy Haas in an absorbing semifinal on Friday.   The trophy has proved beyond the reach of three of his compatriots in the past, with Rafael Nadal having failed on three occasions (2005, 2008, 2011) to add to previous failures by Carlos Moya (2003) and Sergi Bruguera (1997).   The third seed, who celebrates his 31st birthday on Tuesday, will play either Andy Murray or Richard Gasquet in Sunday's final after recovering from a break down in the third set to win 4-6, 6-2, 6-3.   The world No. 5 finally ended a fine championships for Haas who, at 34, was bidding to become the oldest man to reach the final since Jimmy Connors in 1988.   The German, who slayed world No. 1 and defending champion Novak Djovokic in the quarterfinals, took his fine form into the clash as he powered his way to the first set in Key Biscayne.   Losing the opener only served to focus Ferrer's concentration however and he broke Haas in the sixth game of the second before repeating the feat to take the set 6-2.   When Haas broke in the first and third games of the third set, the German seemed to have regained the initiative only for Ferrer to find his way back into the match through his trademark resilience.   2013 has started in superb fashion for the Spaniard, who can win his third title of the year on Sunday -- with the Australian Open semifinalist having already triumphed in Auckland and Buenos Aires. 
Andrew Carneigie, known as the King of Steel, built the steel industry in the United States, and, in the process, became one of the wealthiest men in America. His success resulted partly from his ability to sell the product and partly from his policy of expanding during periods of economic decline, when most of his competitors were reducing their investments. Carnegie believed that individuals should progress through hard work, but he also felt strongly that the wealthy should use their fortunes for the benefit of society. He opposed charity, preferring instead to provide educational opportunities that would allow others to help themselves. "He who dies rich, dies disgraced", he often said. Among his more noteworthy contributions to society are those that bear his name, including the Carnegie Institute of Pittsburgh, which has a library, a museum of fine arts, and a museum of national history. He also founded a school of technology that is now part of Carnegie-Mellon University. Other philanthropic gifts are the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace to promote understanding between nations, the Carnegie Institute of Washington to fund scientific research, and Carnegie Hall to provide a center for the arts. _ . His contributions of more than five million dollars established 2,500 libraries in small communities throughout the country and formed the nucleus of the public library system that we all enjoy today.
A social network is a social structure made up of a set of social actors (such as individuals or organizations), sets of dyadic ties, and other social interactions between actors. The social network perspective provides a set of methods for analyzing the structure of whole social entities as well as a variety of theories explaining the patterns observed in these structures. The study of these structures uses social network analysis to identify local and global patterns, locate influential entities, and examine network dynamics.   Social networks and the analysis of them is an inherently interdisciplinary academic field which emerged from social psychology, sociology, statistics, and graph theory. Georg Simmel authored early structural theories in sociology emphasizing the dynamics of triads and "web of group affiliations". Jacob Moreno is credited with developing the first sociograms in the 1930s to study interpersonal relationships. These approaches were mathematically formalized in the 1950s and theories and methods of social networks became pervasive in the social and behavioral sciences by the 1980s. Social network analysis is now one of the major paradigms in contemporary sociology, and is also employed in a number of other social and formal sciences. Together with other complex networks, it forms part of the nascent field of network science.
Al-Shabaab militants launched an attack Somalia's parliament headquarters Saturday, leaving at least 10 people dead and more than 11 others wounded, witnesses and officials said.   Members of the parliament were among those wounded after gunmen loyal to the al Qaeda-affiliated terror group stormed the facility in Mogadishu, according to witnesses and official accounts.   Fighters used automatic rifles, heavy machine guns and explosives in an attack that lasted more than three hours, witnesses said.   Mohamed Madale, a police spokesman, said security forces later secured the building after the fighters blew themselves up. He said the security forces killed several fighters during the attack.   Dahir Mohamed, a police officer who witnessed the attack, said the attackers used a car filled with explosives to get into the parliament building, and killed some of the Somali forces guarding the building on their way in.   Smoke and flames could be seen pouring from the building as ambulances pulled up to attend to the wounded lying on the ground. People took cover as security forces moved in, exchanging gunfire with the attackers. Some members of parliament were evacuated from the building.   Ali Osman, an ambulance worker at the scene, told CNN that he collected 10 bodies, including those of Somali forces, civil servants and civilians who were caught in the crossfire during the attack.   He also said more than 11 others, including members of parliament, also were wounded.   A spokesman said on Al-Shabaab's radio network that the group was responsible for the attack.   Prime Minister: Attack does not reflect "true Islamic faith" 
The White House may be the official residence of the U.S. president, but it's only a temporary address. The former homes and libraries of presidents offer an inside look into the lives of the select few who served as the nation's leader.   Nearly 80 million visitors have toured Mount Vernon, George Washington's home in Virginia.   From simple log cabins to expansive estates, hundreds of presidential homes and historical sites are open to the public. Visitors can read the love letters between Harry Truman and his wife, Bess, examine hand-drawn maps by Herbert Hoover or eye the tintype photograph of young wife Lucy that Rutherford B. Hayes carried with him daily on Civil War battlefields and later in the White House.   As we witness a new leader take office and celebrate past commanders-in-chief on President's Day this month, CNN asked William Clotworthy, author of "Homes and Libraries of the Presidents," to recommend five places for travelers to see a very human side of history's presidents.   Lincoln's birthplace   There's more than split rails at the Abraham Lincoln Birthplace National Historic Site in Hodgenville, Kentucky. The site, run by the National Park Service, offers exhibits and walking tours so the visitor can experience a little of the frontier life that shaped the nation's 16th president.   The centerpiece is the large marble and granite Lincoln Memorial Building, which houses a small and humble log cabin. The cabin is not actually Lincoln's birth cabin -- that has been lost to history -- but it does try to replicate as closely as possible the tiny and primitive surroundings that sheltered the future commander in chief. 
The first Ml choir rehearsal of the school year took place in the school hall. All the students joined together to sing. I watched as my elder sister and her grade came in and took their places next to us on the stage. Meanwhile, I could hear laughing. Some students were pointing at a girl standing next to my sister. I'd never seen this girl before. A girl whispered in my ear, " Did you know she's wearing diapers ?"   After school that evening, I asked my sister about the girl I'd seen. She told me her name was Theresa and that she was a very nice girL ." Why were those kids being mean to her? I asked, "Because they're stupid," she said.   One day, I was walking home from school when I heard voices behind me. "There's the little idiot's sister. Does your sister wet her pants too?" I walked a little faster and then I felt a atone hit me in the back. When I got home, I ran down to my sister's room.   I pushed my way into her room, screaming at her. "Why do you have to be that giri's friend? I don't see anyone else being nice to her, " Janelle yelled back, Because she is a wonderful person and she is dying!" I will remember those words as long as I live. Theresa wet her pants because she had an illness, which was killing her. My sister was the only one nice enough to be her friend and stick up for her. A few months later, Hieresa passed away.   I felt proud that Janelle was my sister. Throughout the years I watched her, and she always made friends with everyone. It didn't matter if they ware fat, thin, brilliant or not. She never left anyone feeling isolated or alone. It was she who changed me and taught me to never look at anyone in the same way again.
Johnny is a nine year old boy. On one hot summer day, Johnny is outside his house playing with his dog. He is very hot and wants to have some ice cream. He looks in his freezer and sees that he does not have ice cream. Johnny then hears the song of the ice cream truck. Johnny runs outside but does not see the ice cream truck. He looks down the street but the ice cream truck is nowhere to be found. The music of the truck starts to get softer and then louder. Johnny waits outside for an hour. Johnny then thinks that he needs money when the ice cream truck comes. He runs inside and finds five dollars in his room. He then hears the ice cream truck song get very loud. He runs back outside and sees the truck pass his house. Johnny runs after the truck and catches up with it. Johnny buys 4 ice cream pops and some candy. He gives his five dollars to the ice cream man and gets one dollar back. He walks home and happily eats all of his candy and ice cream.
BP reported problems controlling the undersea well at the heart of the largest oil spill in U.S. history and won a delay in testing a critical piece of equipment in March, according to documents released Sunday.   "We are in the midst of a well control situation on MC 252 #001 and have stuck pipe. We are bringing out equipment to begin operations to sever the drillpipe, plugback the well and bypass," Scherie Douglas, a BP regulatory advisor, told the district engineer for the U.S. Interior Department's Minerals Management Service in a March 10 e-mail.   In a follow-up e-mail to the district engineer, Frank Patton, Douglas reported the company wanted to get a plug set in the well before testing the blowout preventer, the massive device used to shut down the well in case of an emergency.   "With the give and take of the well and hole behavior we would feel much more comfortable getting at least one of the two plugs set in order to fully secure the well prior to testing BOPs," she wrote.   When Patton told BP he could not delay a test any longer than it took to bring the well under control, the company won a postponement from David Trocquet, the MMS district manager in New Orleans, Louisiana, the documents show. Trocquet ordered BP to make sure its cement plug was set up and to verify its placement, according to his reply. The messages do not indicate how long the test was postponed.   The exchange was among the documents released Sunday by leaders of the House Energy and Commerce Committee, which is looking into the disaster that killed 11 workers aboard the drilling platform Deepwater Horizon and uncapped a gusher that is now fouling the northern Gulf of Mexico. BP has been unable to activate the well's blowout preventer since the explosion, resulting in up to 19,000 barrels (798,000 gallons) spewing into the Gulf every day. 
World No.2 Novak Djokovic extended his season's winning streak to 26-0 on Saturday, as he reached the Serbian Open clay court final after his semifinal opponent Janko Tipsarevic withdrew with a thigh injury.   Writing on his Facebook page, Djokovic said: "Janko had to pull out from tonight's semi-final match because of a muscle injury. I sincerely hope he will manage to recover for the rest of the clay court season. I will try to get the title back where it belongs and that is Serbia."   The 23-year-old will be chasing his fifth title of season on Sunday.   Standing in his way is the Spaniard Feliciano Lopez who beat the Italian Filippo Volandri 7-6 (7-3) 6-2 in his semifinal.   The reigning Australian Open champion will take an unblemished 3-0 career lead into the clash with the left-handed Lopez, who is currently ranked No.37 in the world.   The Spaniard is looking forward to the challenge.   "I've already won four matches this week. My confidence is really high at the moment and I feel great to play against Novak. I know it's going to be tough; he's been the best player this year. It will be a great experience," Lopez said, AFP reported.   Meanwhile, at the Estoril Open in Portugal, Argentina's Juan Martin del Potro defeated Pablo Cuevas 6-2 7-6 (8-6) in Saturday's semifinal.   Del Potro took one hour and 49 minutes to overcome the Uruguayan breaking Cuevas's serve in the first game helping him establish an 4-2 lead when rain intervened. 
Tom was a college student. He often made excuses not to attend classes. Also he spent much of his free time playing computer games. He never went to the library to study. How time flew! At the end of the term, there was an important thing--the final exam . He was afraid of it. "What should I do?" Tom walked up and down in the room the day before the exam. He was so nervous. Suddenly, he thought of an idea. The next morning, Tom went into the exam room very early. He found a young man and took a seat next to him. "Hey you!" Tom greeted. "What?" The young man asked. "Can you help me?" Tom said politely. "Please let me copy your paper during the exam." When hearing his words, the young man just smiled but said nothing. When the bell rang, the young man stood up and came to the front, saying "It is the time for the final exam. Now I will hand out the papers to all of you and collect them in one hour." Tom sat there with his mouth wide open.
Ginger and Joey were two young dogs. They were happy because it was now the summer and they could play outside more often. Today Ginger and Joey were running around in their big backyard. They had fun barking at many things. They barked at squirrels. They barked at a bus. They barked at the mailman. They barked at a weird bug. They barked so much, they were never quiet! The neighbor was a grumpy old man. His name was Bert. Bert threw a shoe at them because they were barking too much. He couldn't take a nap because they were so loud. Bert got too angry and Bert throws things when he gets too angry. The shoe missed both Ginger and Joey, but they barked a little less. Now they ran even faster. After a very long time, they began to get tired. They sniffed around the edges of the yard and found some old watermelon. That's a good snack for young dogs like Ginger and Joey! Next, they rolled around in the dirt. Then they chased their tails. Finally, their mom came out and told them to come inside. They were so dirty, they needed a bath. Ginger loved baths and jumped right into the tub. Joey was scared and ran away to hide. After a little bit, his mom found him and he got a bath in the end, too.
The Department of the Treasury is an executive department and the treasury of the United States federal government. It was established by an Act of Congress in 1789 to manage government revenue. The Department is administered by the Secretary of the Treasury, who is a member of the Cabinet. On February 13, 2017, the Senate confirmed Steven Mnuchin as Secretary of the Treasury.   The first Secretary of the Treasury was Alexander Hamilton, who was sworn into office on September 11, 1789. Hamilton was asked by President George Washington to serve after first having asked Robert Morris (who declined, recommending Hamilton instead). Hamilton almost single-handedly worked out the nation's early financial system, and for several years was a major presence in Washington's administration as well. His portrait is on the obverse of the U.S. ten-dollar bill while the Treasury Department building is shown on the reverse. Besides the Secretary, one of the best-known Treasury officials is the Treasurer of the United States whose signature, along with the Treasury Secretary's, appears on all Federal Reserve notes.   The Treasury prints and mints all paper currency and coins in circulation through the Bureau of Engraving and Printing and the United States Mint. The Department also collects all federal taxes through the Internal Revenue Service, and manages U.S. government debt instruments.
Five Somali men were convicted of plotting a hijack at sea and sentenced to five years in prison in the Netherlands, in the first trial of pirates in Europe, a prosecution spokesman said Thursday.   The court rejected their claim that they were innocent fishermen, said Wim de Bruin, a spokesman for Netherlands National Prosecutor's Office, noting that no fishing gear was found in their boat.   The five were captured by the Danish navy in January 2009 in the Gulf of Aden, off Somalia, after a cargo ship with Dutch Antilles flag was attacked.   "The ship of the pirates was destroyed by the Danish navy, and the pirates were captured and handed to the Dutch authorities," de Bruin said.   The men are Ahmed Yusuf Farah, 25, Jama Mohamed Samatar, 45, Abdirisaq Abdulahi Hirsi, 33, Sayid Ali Garaar, 39, and Osman Musse Farah, 32, he said.   They have two weeks to file an appeal, he said, adding that he did not know if they planned to fight their conviction.   They had faced a maximum sentence of 9 to 12 years, he added. The trial of the five opened in Rotterdam District Court on May 25.   Another suspected Somali pirate is awaiting sentencing in the United States, where he pleaded guilty in May to hijacking and kidnapping.   Prosecutors say Abduwali Abdukhadir Muse led an attack on a U.S.-flagged vessel, the Maersk Alabama, off the coast of Africa last year.   He pleaded guilty May 19 in a New York federal court to felony counts of hijacking maritime vessels, kidnapping and hostage-taking for his role in the hijacking of the Maersk Alabama in the Indian Ocean on April 8, 2009. 
India will seek to become the No. 1 team in world cricket's Test rankings with victory in the final match of the series against Sri Lanka starting in Mumbai on Wednesday.   Mahendra Singh Dhoni's team will seek to overhaul both current incumbents South Africa and their second-placed visitors and clinch a 2-0 victory in the series.   "It will be an added responsibility. Becoming the number one side is not important, we've got to maintain our performance level," the captain told the official International Cricket Council Web site.   India will be without opener Gautam Gambhir, who scored centuries in the first two matches but will be absent due to his sister's wedding.   The inexperienced Murali Vijay is expected to win his second test cap as his replacement.   Sri Lanka, meanwhile, have dropped spinner Ajantha Mendis as they seek to bounce back from the crushing innings defeat in Kanpur and register a first victory on India soil.   Seam bowlers Nuwan Kulasekara and Dilhara Fernando are vying to take his place, having missed out as Sri Lanka employed a three-pronged spin attack last time out.   The tourists will be hoping for a better showing from veteran world record-holder Muttiah Muralitharan, who has taken just five wickets at a cost of 396 runs in the series.   "Murali is a bowler who has done so much for Sri Lanka and can sometimes have an off day. That's the way cricket goes," captain Kumar Sangakkara told the Cricinfo Web site.   "That doesn't mean he is any worse a bowler, he is still our best spinner and in my view the best spinner in the world. When you have that quality in the side you have to back that quality and that ability it's no different for tomorrow. 
(CNN)Ursula Ward kept repeating her son's name -- Odin.   She steadied herself against the podium in the Fall River, Massachusetts, courtroom and occasionally paused. She was tired after more than two years of pain, punctuated Wednesday when her son's killer, Aaron Hernandez, was convicted of first degree murder and sentenced to life in prison.   Odin Lloyd was her first born, her only son. "Odin was the backbone of the family. Odin was the man of the house. Odin was his sisters' keeper," Ward told Judge Susan Garsh, before Garsh sentenced the former pro-football player.   Lloyd was 27-years-old and working for a landscaping firm when he was killed in June 2013. He played football for the Boston Bandits, the oldest semi-pro team in Boston and the winner of four championships in the New England Football League, according to the team's website.   His mother, sister, uncle and cousin described him as a champion of family, a gifted athlete and a hard worker with a sense of humor.   They said he rode his bike several miles to get to work. He went to all of his niece's recitals.   "Odin was my first best gift I (will) ever receive," his mother said. "I thank God (for) every second and every day of my son's life that I spent with him.   "The day I laid my son Odin to rest," she continued, pausing to maintain her composure, "I think my heart stopped beating for a moment. I felt like I wanted to go into that hole with my son, Odin." 
One upon a time there was a dragon named Jack. He was large and had big scales, but did not have claws or a mean look on his face like other dragons did. He also didn't have wings and couldn't fly. Jack lived near a castle that had a princess trapped in it. This castle looked and was guarded by an evil dragon named Ryan. The castle was old and dirty. It wasn't clean or special like many castles are thought to look. One day Jack thought that he was going to try to save the princess Linda when Ryan was sleeping that night. After sunset, he slowly walked around and climbed over the back wall. After passing many sleeping guards, Jack put his nose near the princess's tower window. She climbed out on to it and they ran off. During their escape, Ryan woke up and started chasing them. However, he was too sleepy to catch them. Jack took the princess to a nearby safe town where she thanked him and said goodbye.
Last Friday, I was coming home late after spending time with friends and thought I'd go down to the $99 cent pizza place. On the way, I saw a man sitting on the stairs alone there. I'd seen him before every day I run late to work, but this time I had no place to rush off to.   There was something about him, a quiet manner, different from many of other homeless people I had seen in New York City. I walked past him, went to the pizza place, and those 10 seconds waiting in line was enough to practice stepping outside of my usual, familiar flow. So with a few slices in hand, I went back to join him. I asked him if he was hungry. He said yes, but not for pizza because it made him uncomfortable. He'd rather have a few bucks for chicken and rice since it was easier on his stomach. It's funny, in that moment, he became more real to me.   This man I had seen almost every day was someone with specific conditions, needs, and experiences. We exchanged names and ended up talking for a little over an hour that night as Kevin told me stories from his life, how he had done things when "he was younger and didn't know any better" and how he tried to make amends but too much time had passed. He shared his views on the value for young adults to learn the history of other people.   He talked about his one wish being in his 60's before he leaves this earth, which is to share his story with the teenagers and young adults so they could avoid the mistakes he went through. Throughout the conversation, he eventually got his chicken and rice and gifted me a rose he had been carrying. Shortly afterwards, I made my way home, thinking to myself, "I met an amazing homeless person".
KDE () is an international free software community that develops Free and Libre software. Well-known products include the Plasma Desktop, KDE Frameworks and a range of cross-platform applications designed to run on modern Unix-like and Microsoft Windows systems. It further provides tools and documentation for developers that enables them to write software. This supporting role makes KDE a central development hub and home for many popular applications and projects like Calligra Suite, Krita or digiKam.   The Plasma Desktop, being one of the most recognized projects of KDE, is the default desktop environment on many Linux distributions, such as openSUSE, Mageia, Chakra, Kubuntu, Manjaro Linux, and PCLinuxOS. It was also the default desktop environment on PC-BSD, but was later replaced with Lumina, a desktop environment which, like KDE, is written in C++ and Qt.   The work of the KDE community can be measured in the following figures:   K Desktop Environment (KDE) was founded in 1996 by Matthias Ettrich, who was then a student at the Eberhard Karls University of Tübingen. At the time, he was troubled by certain aspects of the Unix desktop. Among his concerns was that none of the applications looked, felt, or worked alike. He proposed the creation of not merely a set of applications but a desktop environment in which users could expect things to look, feel, and work consistently. He also wanted to make this desktop easy to use; one of his complaints about desktop applications of the time was that it is too complicated for end user. His initial Usenet post spurred a lot of interest, and the KDE project was born.
Mary was a little girl who loved to sew. She liked to sew dresses, shirts, and skirts but Mary hated to sew quilts. She didn't like anything about sewing quilts and blankets because it took too long. One quilt or blanket took a week to make, when a skirt or shirt took one night! Mary's mother didn't understand why Mary didn't like to sew quilts and blankets because Mary's mother loved to!   Mary was a normal little girl even if her friends didn't think so all the time. Mary's friends liked to play games and play outside but all Mary liked was to sew. She woke up and she began to sew. She only stopped to eat and use the bathroom. Mary's father was very worried about Mary. He said that little girls needed to laugh and play, not sew all the time.   One day Mary's father took Mary's sewing things and gave them to the poor children. "No more sewing, Mary!" He said. He wanted her to go laugh and play with her friends instead of sew but instead of going outside to play she ran into her room and cried. Mary was very sad that she couldn't sew any more. Soon her friends came over to see why Mary hadn't come over to play like her father said she would. When they saw her crying on her bed they had to think of a way to cheer her up. Billy said that maybe they could let her sew at their houses. Abby thought it was a great idea. So then all Mary's friends bought sewing things with their money so that Mary would be happy again. When Mary's father saw Mary go to one of her friend's house he was very happy. Soon everyone was happy again.
James was a nice old man who lived by himself. Every day he would walk down the road by his house and say hello to everyone. It was fun saying hello to everyone but he felt lonely sometimes. He wanted a pet to take care of. One day as he was walking down the road a little brown and spotted puppy came up to him and wanted James to pet him. James reached down and petted the puppy and smiled. James hoped to see the puppy again. Many days later James went for a walk again. He thought to himself, "I guess I won't ever see the brown puppy again. I hoped to see him again." A nice young lady said to James, "Would you like a puppy?" James said, "I would like a puppy that was like the one I petted before." The lady smiled. She was holding the little brown and spotted puppy. She told James that she found the little puppy in the woods. She said that the little puppy did not have a family. James said happily, "I would love to give the puppy a home!" So James grabbed the little brown and spotted puppy and took him home. James and the little brown puppy became great friends. James named him Spotty.
A 90-year-old tortoise is going twice its usual speed after being equipped with a set of wheels. The animal, called Mrs T, was facing a terrible future after losing her two front legs in a mouse attack while she was sleeping in winter, but her owners glued the wheels onto her shell . "She's going double the speed she used to," said the owner Jude Ryder, "She uses her back legs to push herself along and seems quite happy." The 58-year-old owner was surprised when she went to check on her loved pet last month and found her front legs had been eaten in the mouse attack. The local animal doctor tried his best to save Mrs T. But he was afraid that the tortoise would not survive without being mobile. After paying PS1,000 for the treatment, Mrs Ryder turned to her son Dale for help. Dale designed the front wheels and used resin to add them to the front of the shell. Mrs Ryder said: "She liked them immediately, but she must learn how to turn and stop. She can get a good speed up, much faster than before. Mrs T is still quite young for a tortoise. She could go on for another 50 years. All she needs is a new set of tyres sometimes." When Mrs T was sixty years old, she was bought as a pet for Dale, an 8-year-old boy. It liked running happily in Mrs Ryder's garden in spring and summer. When winter came, Mrs T slept in the garden shelter. A mouse got in last month and chewed off both her front legs. Mrs Ryder said: "We were afraid she would be sure to die, but her new set of wheels have saved her life. She can run in the garden again and we can always find her because she leaves very strange footprints behind wherever she goes." Mice attacking tortoises is not uncommon around us--in 2013 Britain's oldest tortoise died after a mouse attack. The tortoise called Thomas was 130 when he was bitten at his home in Guernsey. He spent five days on strong antibiotics , but the wound became so infected that his owner had no choice but to have him put to sleep.
In chemistry, the standard state of a material (pure substance, mixture or solution) is a reference point used to calculate its properties under different conditions. In principle, the choice of standard state is arbitrary, although the International Union of Pure and Applied Chemistry (IUPAC) recommends a conventional set of standard states for general use. IUPAC recommends using a standard pressure "p" = 10 Pa. Strictly speaking, temperature is not part of the definition of a standard state. For example, as discussed below, the standard state of a gas is conventionally chosen to be unit pressure (usually in bar) ideal gas, regardless of the temperature. However, most tables of thermodynamic quantities are compiled at specific temperatures, most commonly or, somewhat less commonly, .   The standard state should not be confused with standard temperature and pressure (STP) for gases, nor with the standard solutions used in analytical chemistry.   For a given material or substance, the standard state is the reference state for the material's thermodynamic state properties such as enthalpy, entropy, Gibbs free energy, and for many other material standards. The standard enthalpy change of formation for an element in its standard state is zero, and this convention allows a wide range of other thermodynamic quantities to be calculated and tabulated. The standard state of a substance does not have to exist in nature: for example, it is possible to calculate values for steam at 298.15 K and 10 Pa, although steam does not exist (as a gas) under these conditions. The advantage of this practice is that tables of thermodynamic properties prepared in this way are self-consistent.
The University of Iowa (also known as the UI, U of I, UIowa, or simply Iowa) is a flagship public research university in Iowa City, Iowa. Founded in 1847, it is the oldest university in the state. Iowa is the second largest university in the state of Iowa, behind Iowa State University. University of Iowa is organized into eleven colleges offering more than 200 areas of study and seven professional degrees.   Located on an urban 1,700 acre campus on the banks of the Iowa River, the University of Iowa is classified as a Doctoral University with Highest Research Activity by the Carnegie Classifications. The university is best known for its programs in health care, law, and the fine arts, with programs ranking among the top 25 nationally in those areas. The University of Iowa Hospitals and Clinics and the Stead Family Children's Hospital are ranked nationally by U.S. News and World Report in eleven specialties. The university was the original developer of the Master of Fine Arts degree and it operates the world-renowned Iowa Writer's Workshop, which has produced 17 of the university's 46 Pulitzer Prize winners. Iowa is a member of several prestigious research coalitions, including the Association of American Universities, the Universities Research Association, and the Big Ten Academic Alliance.
(Mental Floss) -- With Mother's Day just around the corner, this week seemed like a great time to give a tip of our caps to stay-at-home moms, including these four who used clever ideas to become business moguls.   Gerber: Of course only a mother could found such a successful baby food company! In the late 1920s, Michigan mom Dorothy S. Gerber was hand-straining food for her baby daughter, Sally, when she realized there must be some way to avoid the messy task.   She pointed out to her husband, Daniel, that if his family's business, the Fremont Canning Company, could puree a tomato all day long, its equipment could probably make short work of other fruits and veggies, too.   Daniel Gerber realized his wife was on to something, and after a year of experimentation -- and an extensive search to find the right drawing for their label's now-iconic "Gerber baby" - the Gerbers introduced their first line of baby foods, a super-yummy menu of strained peas, carrots, prunes, and spinach.   Mental Floss: 6 unforgettable movie mothers   Baby Einstein: When Alpharetta, Georgia mom Julie Aigner-Clark went looking for educational materials for her newborn daughter in 1996, she found a disappointing hole in the baby market: there weren't really any educational materials to expose babies to music and the arts.   Some parents would just accept whatever the market was offering. Not Aigner-Clark. She shot a video for her daughter in her basement then edited it with her husband, Bill, on the family computer. She even doodled a logo for the video at her kitchen table. 
Chelsea's sacking of Andre Villas-Boas came under fire Monday with former Blues boss Luis Felipe Scolari warning it will be "hell" for whoever succeeds the Portuguese at Stamford Bridge.   Ex-Brazil national team boss Scolari is one of six managers dismissed by Chelsea owner Roman Abramovich and, like himself, does not believe Villas-Boas was given enough time by the Russian billionaire.   "England has clubs like Arsenal, where Arsene Wenger has been for several years, yet has won only two or three championships," he told a news conference for his present club Palmeiras.   "Chelsea's culture is very different, but this move is strange -- although it's not so strange to me because of what I went through there.   Blog: Chelsea right to sack AVB   "Villas-Boas was a champion and he will continue to be. He needed to replace at least seven or eight players, even since I was there, but he failed.   "It will be hell for whoever succeeds him."   Blog: Can English clubs catch Europe's best?   But Dutch legend Ruud Gullit, who managed Chelsea before Abramovich took control, told CNN that he disagreed with Scolari.   "I do not think it is 'hell' -- I had a great time at Chelsea which I still treasure, for me it was no hell."   Gullit hinted that he believed Villas-Boas needed to have made better use of his senior squad members.   "The older players need to help the younger players know how to play the game, you can't ignore them by putting them on the bench and not in the team." 
Plutarch (; , "Ploútarkhos", ; c. AD 46 – AD 120), later named, upon becoming a Roman citizen, Lucius Mestrius Plutarchus, () was a Greek biographer and essayist, known primarily for his "Parallel Lives" and "Moralia". He is classified as a Middle Platonist. Plutarch's surviving works were written in Greek, but intended for both Greek and Roman readers.   Plutarch was born to a prominent family in the small town of Chaeronea, about 80 km (50 miles) east of Delphi, in the Greek region of Boeotia. His family was wealthy. The name of Plutarch's father has not been preserved, but based on the common Greek custom of repeating a name in alternate generations, it was probably Nikarchus (). The name of Plutarch's grandfather was Lamprias, as he attested in "Moralia" and in his "Life of Antony".   His brothers, Timon and Lamprias, are frequently mentioned in his essays and dialogues, which speak of Timon in particular in the most affectionate terms. Rualdus, in his 1624 work "Life of Plutarchus", recovered the name of Plutarch's wife, Timoxena, from internal evidence afforded by his writings. A letter is still extant, addressed by Plutarch to his wife, bidding her not to grieve too much at the death of their two-year-old daughter, who was named Timoxena after her mother. Interestingly, he hinted at a belief in reincarnation in that letter of consolation.
Reuters is an international news agency headquartered in London, England. It is a division of Thomson Reuters.   Until 2008, the Reuters news agency formed part of an independent company, Reuters Group plc, which was also a provider of financial market data. Since the acquisition of Reuters Group by the Thomson Corporation in 2008, the Reuters news agency has been a part of Thomson Reuters, making up the media division. Reuters transmits news in English, French, Arabic, Spanish, German, Italian, Portuguese, Russian, Japanese, Korean, Urdu, and Chinese. It was established in 1851.   The Reuter agency was established in 1851 by Paul Julius Reuter in Britain at the London Royal Exchange. Paul Reuter worked at a book-publishing firm in Berlin and was involved in distributing radical pamphlets at the beginning of the Revolutions in 1848. These publications brought much attention to Reuter, who in 1850 developed a prototype news service in Aachen using homing pigeons and electric telegraphy from 1851 on in order to transmit messages between Brussels and Aachen.   Upon moving to England, he founded Reuter's Telegram Company in 1851. Headquartered in London, the company initially covered commercial news, serving banks, brokerage houses, and business firms. The first newspaper client to subscribe was the London "Morning Advertiser" in 1858. Afterwards more newspapers signed up, with "Britannica Encyclopedia" writing that "the value of Reuters to newspapers lay not only in the financial news it provided but in its ability to be the first to report on stories of international importance." Reuter's agency built a reputation in Europe and the rest of the world as the first to report news scoops from abroad. Reuters was the first to report Abraham Lincoln's assassination in Europe, for instance, in 1865. In 1872, Reuters expanded into the far east, followed by South America in 1874. Both expansions were made possible by advances in overland telegraphs and undersea cables. In 1883, Reuters began transmitting messages electrically to London newspapers.
Rotten Tomatoes is an American review aggregation website for film and television. The company was launched in August 1998 by Senh Duong and since January 2010 has been owned by Flixster, which was, in turn, acquired in 2011 by Warner Bros. In February 2016, Rotten Tomatoes and its parent site Flixster were sold to Comcast's Fandango. Warner Bros. retained a minority stake in the merged entities, including Fandango. From 2007 to 2017, the website's editor-in-chief was Matt Atchity, who left in July 2017 to join "The Young Turks". The name "Rotten Tomatoes" derives from the practice of audiences throwing rotten tomatoes when disapproving of a poor stage performance.   From early 2008 to September 2010, Current Television aired the weekly "The Rotten Tomatoes Show", featuring hosts and material from the website. A shorter segment was incorporated into the weekly show, "InfoMania", which ended in 2011. In September 2013, the website introduced "TV Zone", a section for reviewing scripted TV shows.   Rotten Tomatoes was launched on August 12, 1998, as a spare-time project by Senh Duong. His goal in creating Rotten Tomatoes was "to create a site where people can get access to reviews from a variety of critics in the U.S." As a fan of Jackie Chan's, Duong was inspired to create the website after collecting all the reviews of Chan's movies as they were being published in the United States. The first movie whose reviews were featured on Rotten Tomatoes was "Your Friends & Neighbors" (1998). The website was an immediate success, receiving mentions by Netscape, Yahoo!, and "USA Today" within the first week of its launch; it attracted "600–1000 daily unique visitors" as a result.
Barack Obama has never been shy about comparing himself with Abraham Lincoln. He did so when he announced his presidential election in Illinois, where both he and Lincoln served in the legislature . "The life of a tall, thin, self-made Springfield lawyer tells us that a different future is possible." Obama said. "He tells us that there is power in words and that there is power in hope." Such comparisons have continued on big and small occasions, but the most important similarity, in Obama's mind, is how he plans to govern if elected.   Obama says he admires Doris Kearns Goodwin' s wonderful Lincoln biography, Team of Rivals. "He talks about it all the time." says a top assistant. "He is particularly interested in the idea that Lincoln successfully won the hearts of many people who had run against him for President, some of them even disagree with him firmly." "The lesson is that you shouldn't let your hatred get in the way of hiring ly the best people." says Obama. "I think American people are practical and so I have an interest in casting a wide net, seeking out people with a wide range of expert knowledge, including Republicans, for the highest positions in the government."   "I don't want to have people who just agree with me." He says. "I want people who are continually pushing me forward and I'd be very interested in having those sorts of Republicans in my government, especially people who can speed up a responsible and logical conclusion to the Iraq war."
New Guinea (; ; ; or, historically, "") is a large island in Oceania. It is the world's second-largest island, after Greenland, covering a land area of , and the largest wholly or partly within the Southern Hemisphere and Oceania (if excluding Australia as an island).   The island is divided between two countries: Papua New Guinea to the east, and Indonesia to the west.   The island has been known by various names:   The name "Papua" was used to refer to parts of the island before contact with the West. Its etymology is unclear; one theory states that it is from Tidore, the language used by the Sultanate of Tidore, which controlled parts of the island's coastal region. The name came from "papo" (to unite) and "ua" (negation), which means "not united" or, "territory that geographically is far away (and thus not united)".   Ploeg reports that the word "papua" is often said to derive from the Malay word "papua" or "pua-pua", meaning "frizzly-haired", referring to the highly curly hair of the inhabitants of these areas. Another possibility, put forward by Sollewijn Gelpke in 1993, is that it comes from the Biak phrase "sup i papwa" which means 'the land below [the sunset]' and refers to the islands west of the Bird's Head, as far as Halmahera. Whatever its origin, the name "Papua" came to be associated with this area, and more especially with Halmahera, which was known to the Portuguese by this name during the era of their colonization in this part of the world.
Ronaldinho plundered a hat-trick as AC Milan crushed 10-man Siena 4-0 on Sunday to close the gap on Serie A leaders Inter Milan to just six points and with the Milan derby to come next week.   Milan also have a game in hand meaning they could potentially draw level with the four-in-a-row champions if they were to win next weekend's crunch clash.   The hosts started in determined mood following Inter's 2-2 draw at Bari on Saturday and Ronaldinho took an Alessandro Nesta cross on his chest on three minutes before sending a spectacular overhead bicycle kick just off target.   But on 10 minutes the referee took the decision that essentially ended the game as a contest.   Jardim Brandao dithered on the ball in his own box and Marco Borriello dispossessed him before trying to go round goalkeeper Gianluca Curci.   There was minimal contact and Borriello crumpled to the ground but the striker's last touch had been too heavy and left him no chance of reaching the ball before a back-tracking defender.   Even so, the referee pointed to the spot and showed Curci a straight red card.   Substitute goalkeeper Gianluca Pegolo's first task was to pick the ball out of his net.   Siena battled on gamely, and on 26 minutes Massimo Maccarone escaped three defenders on the edge of the Milan box to bundle through before firing over on the stretch as Thiago Silva came across to put him under pressure.   Two minutes later the lead was doubled as Andrea Pirlo curled a cross into the near post and Borriello hooked a brilliant volley over his shoulder and into the top corner. 
Vienna is the capital and largest city of Austria and one of the nine states of Austria. Vienna is Austria's primary city, with a population of about 1.8 million (2.6 million within the metropolitan area, nearly one third of Austria's population), and its cultural, economic, and political centre. It is the 7th-largest city by population within city limits in the European Union. Until the beginning of the 20th century, it was the largest German-speaking city in the world, and before the splitting of the Austro-Hungarian Empire in World War I, the city had 2 million inhabitants. Today, it has the second largest number of German speakers after Berlin. Vienna is host to many major international organizations, including the United Nations and OPEC. The city is located in the eastern part of Austria and is close to the borders of the Czech Republic, Slovakia, and Hungary. These regions work together in a European Centrope border region. Along with nearby Bratislava, Vienna forms a metropolitan region with 3 million inhabitants. In 2001, the city centre was designated a UNESCO World Heritage Site. In July 2017 it was moved to the list of World Heritage in Danger.   Apart from being regarded as the "City of Music" because of its musical legacy, Vienna is also said to be "The City of Dreams" because it was home to the world's first psycho-analyst – Sigmund Freud. The city's roots lie in early Celtic and Roman settlements that transformed into a Medieval and Baroque city, and then the capital of the Austro-Hungarian Empire. It is well known for having played an essential role as a leading European music centre, from the great age of Viennese Classicism through the early part of the 20th century. The historic centre of Vienna is rich in architectural ensembles, including Baroque castles and gardens, and the late-19th-century Ringstraße lined with grand buildings, monuments and parks.
James shook his money box again. Nothing! He carefully counted the coins that lay on the bed. $24. 17 was all that he had. The bicycle he wanted was at least $90! How was he going to get the end of the money? He knew that his friends all had bicycles. It was hard to hang around with people when you were the only one without wheels. He thought about what he could do. It was no use asking his parents, for he knew they had no money to save. There was only one way to get money, and that was to earn it. He would have to find a job. But who would hire him and what could he do? He decided to ask Mr. Clay for advice, who usually had opinions on most things. "Well, you can start right here," said Mr. Clay. "My windows need cleaning and my car needs washing. " That was the beginning of James' part-time job. For three months he worked every day after finishing his homework. He was amazed by the different kinds of jobs that people found for him to do. He took dogs and babies for walks, cleared out cupboards, and mended books. He lost count of the number of cars he washed and windows he cleaned, but the money increased and he knew that he would soon have enough for the bicycle he was eager to have. The day finally came when James counted his money and found $94. 32. He wasted no time and went down to the shop to pick up the bicycle he wanted. He rode proudly home, looking forward to showing his new bicycle to his friends. It had been hard working for the money, but James knew that he valued his bicycle far more since he had bought it with his own money.
Harvard University Press (HUP) is a publishing house established on January 13, 1913, as a division of Harvard University, and focused on academic publishing. In 2005, it published 220 new titles. It is a member of the Association of American University Presses. After the retirement of William P. Sisler in 2017, George Andreou was appointed as Director; the editor-in-chief is Susan Wallace Boehmer.   The press maintains offices in Cambridge, Massachusetts, near Harvard Square, in New York City, and in London, England. The press co-owns the distributor TriLiteral LLC with MIT Press and Yale University Press.   Notable authors published by HUP include Eudora Welty, Walter Benjamin, E. O. Wilson, John Rawls, Emily Dickinson, Stephen Jay Gould, Helen Vendler, Carol Gilligan, Amartya Sen, David Blight, Martha Nussbaum, and Thomas Piketty.   The Display Room in Harvard Square, dedicated to selling HUP publications, closed on June 17, 2009.   HUP owns the Belknap Press imprint, which it inaugurated in May 1954 with the publication of the "Harvard Guide to American History". The John Harvard Library book series is published under the Belknap imprint.   Harvard University Press distributes the Loeb Classical Library and is the publisher of the I Tatti Renaissance Library, the Dumbarton Oaks Medieval Library, and the Murty Classical Library of India.
Once upon a time there was a man who needed to write story. His name was Mark. He had a bad case of writer's block. After a bit, he wrote a story about writing a story. This may seem a bit odd. Well, it was. The important thing to know is that Mark wanted money. This was so he could show off for his girl, Wendy. Wendy had two living parents named Greg and Gail. The exciting thing about Mark writing these stories, was that he could write whatever he wanted to. He could have written about bears. Or it could have been his best friend Error. There were so many choices for Mark. He was very happy. He was happy because he was almost done writing the story. Wendy, had she known about the writing would have been sad that Mark spent so much time thinking of odd stories.
Duke University is a private research university located in Durham, North Carolina. Founded by Methodists and Quakers in the present-day town of Trinity in 1838, the school moved to Durham in 1892. In 1924, tobacco and electric power industrialist James Buchanan Duke established The Duke Endowment, at which time the institution changed its name to honor his deceased father, Washington Duke.   Duke's campus spans over on three contiguous campuses in Durham as well as a marine lab in Beaufort. The main campus—designed largely by architect Julian Abele—incorporates Gothic architecture with the Duke Chapel at the campus' center and highest point of elevation. The first-year-populated East Campus contains Georgian-style architecture, while the main Gothic-style West Campus away is adjacent to the Medical Center. Duke is the seventh-wealthiest private university in America with $11.4 billion in cash and investments in fiscal year 2014.   Duke's research expenditures in the 2015 fiscal year were $1.037 billion, the seventh largest in the nation. In 2014, Thomson Reuters named 32 of Duke's professors to its list of Highly Cited Researchers, making it fourth globally in terms of primary affiliations. Duke also ranks fifth among national universities to have produced Rhodes, Marshall, Truman, Goldwater, and Udall Scholars. Ten Nobel laureates and three Turing Award winners are affiliated with the university. Duke's sports teams compete in the Atlantic Coast Conference and the basketball team is renowned for having won five NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Championships, most recently in 2015.
One of the traditions which is now a necessary part of Christmas is a that of Father Christmas, or Santa Claus. According to the modern legend, he is a magical figure who visits all the children of the world during the night before Christmas Day, leaving presents which they find the next morning. He flies through the night sky in a sledge pulled by reindeer, and enters houses by climbing down chimneys. This strange legend is based on the life of a man called Nicholas, but in fact we know very little about him. Historians think he was a Christian bishop in Turkey in about 285--350 A.D. One of the stories about him is that he helped three poor girls. No one would marry them because they were so poor. To provide them with money for their weddings, Nicholas secretly dropped some gold coins down the chimney of their house. After Nicholas died, he was made a saint by the church.(The name Santa Claus thus comes from St Nicholas.) His feast day was celebrated in December, and parents started giving their children secret presents from St Nicholas. Over the years, this custom became part of our Christmas traditions.   Recently, a psychologist has claimed that Father Christmas is "the perfect fantasy" for children. According to Professor Anthony Clare, children love the character of Father Christmas because he is like an ideal father: he loves children and gives them presents, but he never criticizes them, is never angry, and children do not even need to thank him for the presents. Other writers, however, point out that Father Christmas can be a frightening character to some children. Jane Bidder says that some children are terrified of this fat, bearded old man. It can certainly confuse many children. As parents, we warn our children to be careful of strangers and never to let them into the house, and yet we tell children that a strange man will come into their bedroom at night! Some children can become very worried about this idea and fear that he is a kind of burglar.   Most children, however, understand from their parents and from the media that Father Christmas is basically a _ character, and look forward to his annual visit with joy and excitement.
The Korean War (in South Korean Hangul: 한국전쟁, Hanja: 韓國戰爭, Hanguk Jeonjaeng, "Korean War"; in North Korean Chosungul: 조국해방전쟁, Joguk Haebang Jeonjaeng, "Fatherland Liberation War"; 25 June 1950 – 27 July 1953)[a] was started when North Korea invaded South Korea. The United Nations, with United States as the principal force, came to aid of South Korea. China, along with assistance from Soviet Union, came to aid of North Korea. The war arose from the division of Korea at the end of World War II and from the global tensions of the Cold War that developed immediately afterwards.   Korea was ruled by Japan from 1910 until the closing days of World War II. In August 1945, the Soviet Union declared war on Japan and—by agreement with the United States—occupied Korea north of the 38th parallel. U.S. forces subsequently occupied the south and Japan surrendered. By 1948, two separate governments had been set up. Both governments claimed to be the legitimate government of Korea, and neither side accepted the border as permanent. The conflict escalated into open warfare when North Korean forces—supported by the Soviet Union and China—invaded South Korea on 25 June 1950. On that day, the United Nations Security Council recognized this North Korean act as invasion and called for an immediate ceasefire. On 27 June, the Security Council adopted S/RES/83: Complaint of aggression upon the Republic of Korea and decided the formation and dispatch of the UN Forces in Korea. Twenty-one countries of the United Nations eventually contributed to the defense of South Korea, with the United States providing 88% of the UN's military personnel.
The Eucharist (also called Holy Communion or the Lord's Supper, among other names) is a Christian rite that is considered a sacrament in most churches and an ordinance in others. According to the New Testament, the rite was instituted by Jesus Christ during his Last Supper; giving his disciples bread and wine during the Passover meal, Jesus commanded his followers to "do this in memory of me" while referring to the bread as "my body" and the wine as "my blood". Through the Eucharistic celebration Christians remember Christ's sacrifice of himself on the cross.   The elements of the Eucharist, bread (leavened or unleavened) and wine are consecrated on an altar (or table) and consumed thereafter. Communicants (that is, those who consume the elements) may speak of "receiving the Eucharist", as well as "celebrating the Eucharist". Christians generally recognize a special presence of Christ in this rite, though they differ about exactly how, where, and when Christ is present. While all agree that there is no perceptible change in the elements, Catholics believe that they actually become the body and blood of Christ (transubstantiation). Lutherans believe the true body and blood of Christ are really present "in, with, and under" the forms of the bread and wine (sacramental union). Reformed Christians believe in a real spiritual presence of Christ in the Eucharist. Others, such as the Plymouth Brethren, take the act to be only a symbolic reenactment of the Last Supper.
"Are you happy?" The simple question usually makes people confused . Even Mo Yan, who won a Nobel Prize, replied to it by saying, "I don't know." When a migrant worker was asked, "Are you happy? (Ni Xing Fu Ma?)" by a CCTV reporter, he looked confused before replying, "My family name is Zeng. (Wo Xing Zeng.)" This has become a joke. But his answer showed migrant workers and TV reporters live in different worlds and they cannot even communicate with each other. Similarly, when asked, "Are you happy?" a 73-year-old man, collecting used plastic bottles in a street in Zhejiang, said, "The bottles can be sold for 0.1 yuan each." Asked again, he said, "The government is good." The reporter went on, "My question is 'Are you happy?'" The old man answered, "My hearing is not good." The reporter probably tried to reach the same answer that the interviewees including the migrant worker and the old man are "happy". In fact, when the question is asked, we should learn about people's true situation and their true wishes and opinions but their "Yes" or "No". Luckily, the government has paid more attention to the importance. Now there are many TV programs giving common people the chance to give their opinions. "Everything we do is aimed at letting people live more happily." At last year's National People's Congress , Wen Jiabao said and agreed that increasing happiness would be a top aim for the 12th five-year plan.
ISO 128 is an international standard (ISO), about the general principles of presentation in technical drawings, specifically the graphical representation of objects on technical drawings.   Since 2003 the ISO 128 standard contains twelve parts, which were initiated between 1996 and 2003. It starts with a summary of the general rules for the execution and structure of technical drawings. Further it describes basic conventions for s, views, cuts and sections, and different types of engineering drawings, such as those for mechanical engineering, architecture, civil engineering, and shipbuilding. It is applicable to both manual and computer-based drawings, but it is not applicable to three-dimensional CAD models.   The ISO 128 replaced the previous DIN 6 standard for drawings, projections and views, which was first published in 1922 and updated in 1950 and 1968. ISO 128 itself was first published in 1982, contained 15 pages and "specified the general principles of presentation to be applied to technical drawings following the orthographic projection methods". Several parts of this standard have been updated individually. The last parts and the standard as a whole were withdrawn by the ISO in 2001.   A thirteenth part was added in 2013.   The 14 parts of the ISO 128 standard are:     
There were many people at the store that day. This was because it was Saturday. It was even more full of people around noon when Mary and her mother went out to go shopping. In the store, Mary wanted her mother to buy her candy but Mary's mother was in a hurry. She did not have time for that. That is because she wanted to get home before it started to rain. Mary crossed her arms when her mother said no. Mary was sad that her mother would not get her any candy. But at home, her mother had a surprise for her. She told Mary to close her eyes. She thought it might be a toy. When she opened them again, she saw that her mother had baked her something. Her mother opened the oven. Inside was a cake. She jumped up in excitement. She didn't need to think how she felt. She was very happy. She did not want the candy now. She immediately took a big slice. She wasn't sure it she would eat it now. Then she ate it before she could make up her mind! Her smile then left her mouth. She quickly she became sad. Her mother had told her it was bedtime.
The Heian period (平安時代, Heian jidai?) is the last division of classical Japanese history, running from 794 to 1185. The period is named after the capital city of Heian-kyō, or modern Kyōto. It is the period in Japanese history when Buddhism, Taoism and other Chinese influences were at their height. The Heian period is also considered the peak of the Japanese imperial court and noted for its art, especially poetry and literature. Although the Imperial House of Japan had power on the surface, the real power was in the hands of the Fujiwara clan, a powerful aristocratic family who had intermarried with the imperial family. Many emperors actually had mothers from the Fujiwara family. Heian (平安?) means "peace" in Japanese.   The Heian period was preceded by the Nara period and began in 794 A.D after the movement of the capital of Japan to Heian-kyō (present day Kyōto京都), by the 50th emperor, Emperor Kanmu. Kanmu first tried to move the capital to Nagaoka-kyō, but a series of disasters befell the city, prompting the emperor to relocate the capital a second time, to Heian. The Heian Period is considered a high point in Japanese culture that later generations have always admired. The period is also noted for the rise of the samurai class, which would eventually take power and start the feudal period of Japan.
Munich is the capital and the most populated city in the German state of Bavaria, on the banks of River Isar north of the Bavarian Alps. Munich is also the third largest city in Germany, after Berlin and Hamburg, and the 12th biggest city of the European Union, with a population of around 1.5 million. The Munich Metropolitan Region is home to 6 million people.   The city is a major centre of art, advanced technologies, finance, publishing, culture, innovation, education, business, and tourism in Germany and Europe and enjoys a very high standard and quality of living, reaching first in Germany and fourth worldwide according to the 2015 Mercer survey. According to the Globalization and World Rankings Research Institute Munich is considered an alpha-world city, .   The name of the city is derived from the Old/Middle High German term "Munichen", meaning "by the monks", which in turn is derived from Mönch (which in the end derives from ancient Greek μοναχός). It derives from the monks of the Benedictine order, who ran a monastery at the place that was later to become the Old Town of Munich; hence the monk depicted on the city's coat of arms. Munich was first mentioned in 1158. From 1255 the city was seat of the Bavarian Dukes. Black and gold – the colours of the Holy Roman Empire – have been the city's official colours since the time of Ludwig the Bavarian, when it was an imperial residence. Following a final reunification of the Wittelsbachian Duchy of Bavaria, previously divided and sub-divided for more than 200 years, the town became the country's sole capital in 1506.
The following are selected contributors' notes for an essay collection. KATY BUTLER, a 2004 finalist for a National Magazine Award, has written for The New Yorker, the New York Times, Mother Jones, Salon, Tricycle, and other magazines. She was born in South Africa and raised in England, and came to the United States with her family at the age of eight. "Everything Is Holy," her essay about nature worship, Buddhism , and ecology, was selected for Best Buddhist Writing 2006. In 2009 she won a literary award from the Elizabeth George Foundation. "What Broke My Father's Heart" was named a "notable narrative" by the Nieman Foundation for Journalism at Harvard, won a first-place award from the Association of Health Care Journalists, and was named one of the 100 Best Magazine Articles of All Time. Butler has taught narrative nonfiction at Nieman Foundation conferences and memoir writing at Esalen Institute. Her current book project is Knocking on Heaven's Door: A Journey Through Old Age and New Medicine to be published in 2013. VICTOR LAVALLE is the author of a collection of stories, Slapboxing with Jesus, and two novels, The Ecstatic and Big Machine, for which he won the Shirley Jackson Award, the American Book Award, and the Ernest J. Gaines Award for Literary Excellence. He is a 2010 Guggenheim Award winner and an assistant professor at Columbia University's School of the Arts. About "Long Distance" he says: "This essay actually came about when I was asked to write about my life after having lost a great deal of weight. And yet, when I sat down to work, all I could do was return to that time when I was much heavier and deeply unhappy. Why? I sure didn't miss those days. And yet, I felt I couldn't write about my present without touching on that past. But, of course, I never reach the true present in the essay. Maybe I still don't know how to talk about a life with greater happiness. " BRIDGET POTTER was born in Brompton-on-Swale, Yorkshire, and came to the United States as a teenager in 1958. She spent the first forty years of her career in television, beginning as a secretary, then as a producer and an executive, including fifteen years as senior vice president of original programming at HBO. In 2007 she earned a BA in cultural anthropology from Columbia University. This year she will complete an MFA in nonfiction, also from Columbia, where she has been an instructor in the University Writing Program. She is currently working on her first book, a memoir / social history of the 1960s, from which her essay "Lucky Girl" is adapted. PATRICIA SMITH is the author of five books of poetry, including Blood Dazzler, chronicling the tragedy of Hurricane Katrina, which was a finalist for the 2008 National Book Award, and Teahouse of the Almighty, a National Poetry Series selection. Her work has appeared in Poetry, The Paris Review, TriQuarterly, and The Best American Poetry 2011. She is a Pushcart Prize winner and a four-time individual champion of the National Poetry Slam, the most successful poet in the competition's history. RESHMA MEMON YAQUB wouldn't even be fit to write a grocery list were it not for her guardian editors. Her stories owe many glorious plot twists to Zain, eleven, and Zach, seven. Ditto their dad (Amer) and grandparents (Ali, Razia, Muhammad, Nasreen). Costars: Sophie, Sana, Yousef, and Maryam. Miss Yaqub lives in Bethesda, Maryland. Her next project is an investigation into the whereabouts of two missing people: Mr. Right and Ms. Memoir Literary Agent.
The Unified Modeling Language (UML) is a general-purpose, developmental, modeling language in the field of software engineering, that is intended to provide a standard way to visualize the design of a system.   UML was originally motivated by the desire to standardize the disparate notational systems and approaches to software design developed by Grady Booch, Ivar Jacobson and James Rumbaugh at Rational Software in 1994–1995, with further development led by them through 1996.   In 1997 UML was adopted as a standard by the Object Management Group (OMG), and has been managed by this organization ever since. In 2005 UML was also published by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO) as an approved ISO standard. Since then the standard has been periodically revised to cover the latest revision of UML.   UML has been evolving since the second half of the 1990s and has its roots in the object-oriented programming methods developed in the late 1980s and early 1990s. The timeline (see image) shows the highlights of the history of object-oriented modeling methods and notation.   It is originally based on the notations of the Booch method, the object-modeling technique (OMT) and object-oriented software engineering (OOSE), which it has integrated into a single language.   Rational Software Corporation hired James Rumbaugh from General Electric in 1994 and after that the company became the source for two of the most popular object-oriented modeling approaches of the day: Rumbaugh's object-modeling technique (OMT) and Grady Booch's method. They were soon assisted in their efforts by Ivar Jacobson, the creator of the object-oriented software engineering (OOSE) method, who joined them at Rational in 1995.
Achtung, baby!   Sacha Baron Cohen stars as a flamboyant Austrian fashionista in "Bruno."   There's a British theory that everything sounds funnier delivered with a Teutonic accent. That's tested to the limit in Sacha Baron Cohen's newest provocation, "Bruno," but it's not what comes out of his mouth that makes the Austrian fashionista such a handful.   The man in the tight yellow lederhosen knows that in our visually overstimulated culture, a picture is vorth a thousand vords. More if there's significant skin involved -- and he's happy to show us his wurst.   Cohen seems to believe that prudery is the enemy. Certainly, bad taste is his Trojan horse. An early montage of romantic coupling, Bruno-style, is enough to get tongues wagging -- or clucking in disapproval. It's the closest thing to gay porn most heterosexuals will see this side of "300."   Either way, Cohen's laughing: Properly managed, outrage is a useful marketing tool, as "Borat" showed.   Apparently permanently airbrushed right down to his backside, Bruno looks nothing like his hirsute Kazakh cousin, but the men share an ego; they're equally insensitive to other people and oblivious to notions of social decorum and the politically correct.   And they both invest heavily in the American Dream. Bruno hungers after fame as hungrily as Borat lusted for Pamela Anderson.   After a brief prologue in Europe -- and the distressing revelation of the vacuity of the fashion scene -- he sets out for Los Angeles, determined to become Austria's "biggest superstar since Hitler."   Perhaps inspired by another Cohen creation, Ali G, he sets out to make a celebrity interview show -- but sadly, the only dupes ignorant enough to participate are "American Idol" judges (Paula Abdul chats about her philanthropic pursuits while perched on the back of an immigrant laborer) and presidential candidates (take a bow, Ron Paul). 
Sally was walking through the park. The bluebirds were singing and the weather was nice. She waved at her neighbor Jerry, who was taking his kitten out. Then she heard a loud noise. The noise was coming from a nearby tree. She walked over to the tree to take a look and found a puppy curled up by the roots. It was making a loud, sad noise. Sally bent down and picked up the puppy. It quickly quieted down, and licked her face. Sally laughed. The puppy was brown with white paws, and she thought it was the cutest puppy she ever saw. She couldn't find a tag on him, so she took him home. When she got home, she fed the puppy some meat that she had in her fridge. The puppy seemed to like it. She also gave him a bowl of water and he lapped it all up. Then the puppy yawned. Sally picked him up and brought him to her bed and put him on her pillow. Sally looked at him with a smile. "I'm going to call you...Jackson." Jackson wagged his tail a little, and fell asleep.
Randy was a boy who loved to eat spaghetti. One day he met a girl named Hilda. People said that Hilda made the best spaghetti in the world. So Randy wanted to try some of Hilda's spaghetti. He asked Hilda, "Hilda, would you make me some spaghetti please?" Hilda said, "Sure! Just come to my house tomorrow!" So the next day Randy went to Hilda's house, sat down in the dining room, and waited.   Then Hilda came out with a big plate of spaghetti with spinach soup. The only problem was that the spaghetti was bright blue. Randy said, "This spaghetti is blue! The soup is blue also! I hate the color blue and I won't eat any blue food!" This made Hilda sad, and she started to cry. This made Randy feel bad so he said, "It's okay, Hilda. Don't cry. I'll let you try again."   So Hilda made a new plate of spaghetti for Randy. This time it wasn't blue and came with a salad with cheese. Randy said, "That's much better!" Then he started to eat. Suddenly Randy spit out all the spaghetti because there was a big nasty bug in it. This made Randy very angry and he threw all the spaghetti on the floor. Hilda said, "I'm so sorry, I don't know how that got there!" Randy calmed down and said, "I'm sorry too. Let's forget the spaghetti. I can eat the salad instead." When Randy finished the salad, Hilda asked if Randy wanted dessert. Randy said "no" because he was too full.
The longest-serving lawmaker in U.S. congressional history, a legendary Motown artist, and the matriarch of a renowned political family will be among this year's recipients of the nation's highest civilian honor, the White House announced Monday.   Rep. John Dingell, Stevie Wonder and Ethel Kennedy are three of the nineteen Americans who Obama will bestow the Presidential Medal of Freedom upon later this month.   Dingell has served nearly 60 years in Congress representing a district outside Detroit. He'll retire at the end of this session. Wonder has won 25 Grammys and an Oscar for his fusion of soul, rhythm and blues and jazz. And Kennedy, who is the widow of Sen. Robert F. Kennedy, became an activist for human rights and the environment after her husband's death.   Other honorees this year include Meryl Streep, the prolific actress known for holding the most Oscar nominations of any actor in history. She stars this winter in "Into the Woods," the musical composed by Stephen Sondheim, to whom Obama will also award the Medal of Freedom on November 24.   Tom Brokaw, the former "NBC Nightly News" anchor, will be honored as well, alongside actress Marlo Thomas, golfer Charles Sifford and author Isabel Allende.   The other medalists are scientist Mildred Dresselhaus; Native American activist Suzan Harjo; former Reps. Abner Mikva of Illinois and Patsy Takemoto Mink of Hawaii; and economist Robert Solow.   Five awards will be delivered posthumously: to "Freedom Summer" civil rights activists James Chaney, Andrew Goodman, and Michael Schwerner; to the well-known choreographer Alvin Ailey, who founded the namesake dance company; and to Rep. Edward Roybal, the founder of the Congressional Hispanic Caucus. 
Having not seen or heard from her daughter in two weeks, Alexis Murphy's mother said in a CNN interview she is keeping strong with support from family and friends.   "A mother would know if her daughter is really gone, but I still have hope," Laura Murphy said.   Alexis Murphy was last seen at a gas station earlier this month. Police have arrested a suspect in her abduction, but the suspect's attorney told a CNN affiliate his client split ways with the 17-year-old after a drug deal.   Murphy's disappearance set off a search that extended 30 miles outside of Lovingston, Virginia, and involved helicopters, search parties with canine units, the Nelson County Sheriff's Office, Virginia State Police and FBI.   Where is Alexis Murphy?   Alexis left her Shipman, Virginia, home to visit Lynchburg on August 3, and police have surveillance video showing her at a Lovingston gas station, according to affiliate WVIR-TV in Charlottesville.   Randy Taylor, 48, was seen on the video and was arrested in her abduction Sunday, police told CNN affiliate WRC-TV, but Taylor's attorney, Michael Hallahan, told WVIR that Taylor was arrested because they found one of Alexis' hairs in his camper.   The attorney also told WVIR his client wasn't the last person to see Alexis and that police need to be looking for a "black male, mid- to late-20s, cornrows and a 20-year-old burgundy Caprice with 22-inch wheels."   Taylor saw the girl the night she disappeared, the lawyer said. They were both parked at the gas pumps, and Alexis made a reference to smoking marijuana, Hallahan said. Taylor told her he'd like some marijuana, the attorney said. 
Rob Kalin learned the secret to success while he was still in his baby bed. At age one, the Boston-bom teacher's son dragged around a stuffed rabbit that had been lovingly sewn by one of his mother's students. True, one of the ears was sewn on backward, but that just added to its magic. "It was always special to me," Kalin remembers of his first handmade craft .   Kalin's appreciation for the simple and the simply eccentric inspired him to create etsy. com, an online craft fair, probably the largest market for handmade goods in the world. Last year, 350,000 woodworkers and other craftsmen sold their one-of-a-kind crafts on the four-year-old site.   They sell everything from hand-knit sleeves for Macbooks ($32) to myrtle-wood electric guitars ($3,200). And in an age of chain stores, it seems there's still a big market. More than three million consumers in 150 countries purchased about $87.5 million worth of crafts on Etsy last year.   Emily Worden, founder of Elemental Threads, a custom handbag and jewelry company, signed up with Etsy when she started her company two years ago. She pays Etsy a 20-cent standard fee for each item she lists on the site, plus a 3.5 percent commission on everything sold. Etsy allows her to track the number of times customers click on a particular item to view it. "We can see that our necklaces are a popularly viewed item and which color1s and sizes get the most views," she says. "That is a guide to evolving our product lines."   Today, Etsy's staff has ballooned to 70 employees, and the company reportedly earns more than $12 million a year.   Kalin's father was a carpenter and taught him early on how to use his hands. Indeed, in high school, he put his skills to work -- developing the photos of his classmates and handcrafting a graduate ID to attend design classes. Eventually, he was admitted to New York University, studying classics and working as a carpenter.   Kalin has also started sewing some of his own clothes. "I have to make something physical at least once a month," says Kalin, "or I go crazy."
Chinese President Hu Jintao, on his way to talks with President George W. Bush in prefix = st1 /Washington, on Tuesday met with Bill Gates.   After the meeting with Gates, the world's richest man, at Microsoft's headquarters, Hu restated that China would move against software pirates all the time.   At Microsoft Corp.'s campus, Hu said on Tuesday he admired what Microsoft Chairman Bill Gates had achieved. He also sought to reassure Gates that China is serious about protecting intellectual property rights .   "Because you, Mr. Bill Gates, are a friend of China, I'm a friend of Microsoft," Hu said.   "Also, I am dealing with the operating system produced by Microsoft every day," he added, to laughter.   Gates responded: "Thank you, it's a fantastic relationship," and then said: "And if you ever need advice on how to use Windows, I'll be glad to help."   "Chinais focused on and has already accomplished much in creating and enforcing laws to protect intellectual property." he said. "We take our promises very seriously."   Hu also said he would certainly welcome a further increase in Microsoft's investment in China.   "I'd also like to take this opportunity to assure you, Bill Gates, that we will certainly honor our words in protecting intellectual property rights," Hu said.   In his brief visit to the Microsoft campus, Hu, accompanied by Gates and company CEO Steve Ballmer, saw some business technology demonstrations and toured Microsoft's Home of the Future, which features experimental technology that might someday be used in people's living spaces.   Following the visit at Microsoft, about 100 guests, including former Secretary of State Henry Kissinger and former Gov. Gary Locke, the first Chinese-American governor, were invited to Gates' $100 million lakeside house on Lake Washington for a dinner.   China has recently begun requiring Chinese computer makers to load legal software on their machines.   In Seattle's Chinatown, many stores hung Chinese and U.S.flags to welcome Hu, and many in the crowd outside the stately Fairmont Hotel on Monday night where Hu was staying were there to support the Chinese president.
Since the 19th century, the built-up area of Paris has grown far beyond its administrative borders; together with its suburbs, the whole agglomeration has a population of 10,550,350 (Jan. 2012 census). Paris' metropolitan area spans most of the Paris region and has a population of 12,341,418 (Jan. 2012 census), or one-fifth of the population of France. The administrative region covers 12,012 km² (4,638 mi²), with approximately 12 million inhabitants as of 2014, and has its own regional council and president.   Paris is the home of the most visited art museum in the world, the Louvre, as well as the Musée d'Orsay, noted for its collection of French Impressionist art, and the Musée National d'Art Moderne, a museum of modern and contemporary art. The notable architectural landmarks of Paris include Notre Dame Cathedral (12th century); the Sainte-Chapelle (13th century); the Eiffel Tower (1889); and the Basilica of Sacré-Cœur on Montmartre (1914). In 2014 Paris received 22.4 million visitors, making it one of the world's top tourist destinations. Paris is also known for its fashion, particularly the twice-yearly Paris Fashion Week, and for its haute cuisine, and three-star restaurants. Most of France's major universities and grandes écoles are located in Paris, as are France's major newspapers, including Le Monde, Le Figaro, and Libération.
A cowboy named Steve wanted to take a vacation from his farm that was named Raindrop. He could not make up his mind where to go, so he saddled his horse and rode east. The sun was setting in the west and it was orange. A cold wind was blowing from north to south. Steve rode through a forest of pear trees next to his farm.   The first place he came to was a small town full of quiet people and its name was Silence. No one would talk to Steve. He kept riding. The town was next to a forest of maple trees.   The second town he came to was very cold and its name was Ice. Steve was afraid his horse would freeze if he stayed there. Everyone in the town was wearing large coats and mittens. The second town was next to a forest of pine trees.   The third town he came to was warm and it was named Sunny. There were palm trees on the beach. Steve and his horse went to the beach and played in the ocean. Steve took off his boots. Steve's hat got wet in the water. He had to leave it on the beach to dry. Eventually Steve and his horse got hot. They rode east again.   Eventually Steve arrived back at his farm. This confused him because he thought he had been riding in a different direction. Steve learned that there really was no place like home. He put his horse in the barn and went back into his house.
There were four brothers that lived together in a small house on the east side of town. The brothers' names were Bob, Billy, Bryan and Baker. Each brother was one year in age. The oldest brother Bob was nine, the second eight, the third seven and the youngest was only six. Each boy also had something that they were good at that no one else could do. Baker, the youngest boy was good at magic tricks. Bob was the basketball star, Billy was great at football and Bryan was good at baseball. Each boy liked to watch the others show off their skills. One afternoon Baker put on a magic show. For this trick he would need three things. First, he needed four cups each a different color. The cups colors were green, yellow, blue, and white. He would need one white ball and two helpers which the parents happily volunteered for. He started by showing his brothers the inside of each cup as well as the normal white ball. He then placed the white ball inside the white cups and moved them around really fast. Next his parents covered the four cups with a magic blanket. Baker said some magic words and then his helpers removed the blanket. To his brothers amazement there were only the three colored cups left. Each brother got to look under a cup. After flipping up each cup they saw that there was no white ball. Just a single green ball inside the green cup! How did you do that they yelled! A magician never gives up his secrets.
In the very early 1800's, a young boy about 14 years old named John lived in a orphanage in Old England along with several other children. Orphan meant unwanted and unloved. Christmas was the one day of the year when the children didn't work and received a gift, an orange. Usually they tried to taste and keep it for so long that it often went bad before they ever peeled it to enjoy the sweet juice. Many thoughts were expressed as Christmas time drew near. The children would say, "I will keep mine the longest." John usually slept with his next to his pillow. This year John was overjoyed by the Christmas season. He was becoming a man and stronger and soon he would be old enough to leave. He would save his orange until his birthday in July. Christmas day finally came. The children were so excited as they entered the big dinning hall. Immediately the master shouted, "John, leave the hall and there will be no orange for you this year." John's heart broke violently wide open. He turned and went quickly back to the cold room. Then he heard the door open and each of the children entered. Little Elizabeth with her hair falling over her shoulders, a smile on her face, and tears in her eyes held out a piece of rag to John. "Here John," she said, "this is for you." As he lifted back the edges of the rag he saw a big juicy orange all peeled and quartered and then he realized what they had done. John never forgot the sharing, love and personal sacrifice his friends had shown him that Christmas day. In memory of that day every year he would send oranges all over the world to children everywhere.
Hot Country Songs is a chart published weekly by "Billboard" magazine in the United States.   This 50-position chart lists the most popular country music songs, calculated weekly by collecting airplay data from Nielsen BDS along with digital sales and streaming.   The current number-one song, as of the chart dated for October 7, 2017, is "Body Like a Back Road" by Sam Hunt.   "Billboard" began compiling the popularity of country songs with its January 8, 1944 issue. Only the genre's most popular jukebox selections were tabulated, with the chart titled "Most Played Juke Box Folk Records". The chart length was not standardized; a given week had anywhere from two to eight positions.   For approximately ten years, from 1948 to 1958, "Billboard" used three charts to measure the popularity of a given song. In addition to the jukebox chart, these charts included:   The names of each chart changed slightly during each chart's life. The "jukebox" chart – which by 1956 was known as "Most Played C&W in Juke Boxes" – ended on June 17, 1957. The "best sellers" and "jockeys" charts continued until October 13, 1958.   Starting with the October 20, 1958 issue, "Billboard" began combining sales and radio airplay in figuring a song's overall popularity, counting them in one single chart called "Hot C&W Sides". The chart began with a standard length of 30 positions each week. The name of the chart, and the number of positions varied through the years: Its name was switched to "Hot Country Singles" on November 3, 1962; it was expanded to 50 slots on January 11, 1964; then 75 on October 15, 1966; and finally 100 beginning July 14, 1973.
Entomology (from Greek , "entomon" "insect"; and , "") is the scientific study of insects, a branch of zoology. In the past the term "insect" was more vague, and historically the definition of entomology included the study of terrestrial animals in other arthropod groups or other phyla, such as arachnids, myriapods, earthworms, land snails, and slugs. This wider meaning may still be encountered in informal use.   Like several of the other fields that are categorized within zoology, entomology is a taxon-based category; any form of scientific study in which there is a focus on insect-related inquiries is, by definition, entomology. Entomology therefore overlaps with a cross-section of topics as diverse as molecular genetics, behavior, biomechanics, biochemistry, systematics, physiology, developmental biology, ecology, morphology, and paleontology.   At some 1.3 million described species, insects account for more than two-thirds of all known organisms, date back some 400 million years, and have many kinds of interactions with humans and other forms of life on earth.   Entomology is rooted in nearly all human cultures from prehistoric times, primarily in the context of agriculture (especially biological control and beekeeping), but scientific study began only as recently as the 16th century.   William Kirby is widely considered as the father of Entomology. In collaboration with William Spence, he published a definitive entomological encyclopedia, "Introduction to Entomology", regarded as the subject's foundational text. He also helped to found the Royal Entomological Society in London in 1833, one of the earliest such societies in the world; earlier antecedents, such as the Aurelian society date back to the 1740s.
When elephants retire, many head for the Elephant Sanctuary in Hohenwald, Tenn. They arrive one by one, but they tend to live out their lives two-by-two. "Every elephant that comes here searches out someone that she then spends most all of her time with," says sanctuary co-founder Carol Buckley. It's likely having a best girlfriend, Buckley says - "Somebody they can relate to, they have something in common with."   Debbie has Ronnie. Misty can't live without Dulary. _ But perhaps the closest friends of all are Tarra and Bella. Tarra, an 8,700 pound Asian elephant; Bella, a stray dog, are closest friends.   Bella is one of more than a dozen stray dogs that have found a home at the sanctuary. Most want nothing to do with the elephants and vice versa. But not this odd couple. "Bella knows she's not an elephant. Tarra knows she's not a dog," Buckley adds. "But that's not a problem for them." "When it's time to eat they both eat together. They drink together. They sleep together. They play together," Buckley says.   Tarra and Bella have been close for years -- but no one really knew how close they were until recently. A few months ago Bella suffered a spinal cord injury. She couldn't move her legs, couldn't even wag her tail. For three weeks the dog lay motionless up in the sanctuary office. And for three weeks the elephant held vigil: 2,700 acres to roam free, and Tarra just stood in the corner, beside a gate, right outside that sanctuary office. "She just stood outside the balcony - just stood there and waited," says Buckley. "She was concerned about her friend." Then one day, sanctuary co-founder Scott Blais carried Bella onto the balcony so she and Tarra could at least see each other.   "Bella's tail started wagging. And we had no choice but to bring Bella down to see Tarra," Blais says.   They visited like that every day until Bella could walk. Today, their love -- and trust -- is stronger than ever. Bella even lets Tarra pet her tummy - with the bottom of her enormous foot. They harbor no fears, no secrets, no prejudices. Just two living creatures who somehow managed to look past their immense differences.   Take a good look at this couple, human beings. Take a good look at the world. If they can do it -- what's our excuse?
(Renee-a beautiful princess; Broo-a blue bear; Nahloo-a magical place) When the Princess Renee heard about Broo, she came down from her castle. She found Broo while he was busy eating honey. "Mr. Bear," the Princess said, "you are welcome in Nahloo. Here we share with each other. We don't take things from each other." Broo thought about it for a moment and realized that he had made a mistake. "Well," he said, "maybe drinking all that milk wasn't the best idea." The Princess continued, "Mr. Bear, you can drink and eat, but you won't feel good because you have never made any contribution to anyone else. I think you'll find that it is better to be full in your heart, not just in your stomach." After saying this, the Princess went back to the castle, leaving Broo alone. One day, Broo was going to take lots of cookies from the rabbits, then he remembered what the Princess said to him. So Broo decided not to eat the cookies. The rabbits were surprised and said, "Thank you for your kindness, Mr. Bear. Now these cookies will taste sweeter because they are given by you, my friend. If you like, come back tomorrow and we can have the cookies together." Broo was filled with joy and went through the land. He gave back everything he had taken. In return, he received a promise from everyone to share their food with him. Broo was so delighted that he started dancing in the moonlight with the Princess as his partner.
Morocco, officially known as the Kingdom of Morocco (, lit. "The Western Kingdom"; ), is a sovereign country located in the Maghreb region of North Africa. Geographically, Morocco is characterised by a rugged mountainous interior, large tracts of desert and a lengthy coastline along the Atlantic Ocean and Mediterranean Sea.   Morocco has a population of over 33.8 million and an area of . Its capital is Rabat, and the largest city is Casablanca. Other major cities include Marrakesh, Tangier, Salé, Fes, and Meknes. A historically prominent regional power, Morocco has a history of independence not shared by its neighbours. Since the foundation of the first Moroccan state by Idris I in 789, the country has been ruled by a series of independent dynasties, reaching its zenith under the Almoravid and Almohad dynasty, spanning parts of Iberia and Northwestern Africa. Marinid and Saadi dynasties continued the struggle against foreign domination, and Morocco remained the only North African country to avoid Ottoman occupation. The Alaouite dynasty, the current ruling dynasty, seized power in 1666. In 1912 Morocco was divided into French and Spanish protectorates, with an international zone in Tangier, and regained its independence in 1956. Moroccan culture is a blend of Arab, indigenous Berber, Sub-Saharan African, and European influences.
Woody Guthrie left California for New York in 1940. There he met Alan Lomax, an expert on America's traditional music. He collected and recorded traditional American folk music, which had few fans at that time. When he heard Woody sing, Lomax knew he had found a true singer of American folk music. Lomax recorded many of Woody's songs for the Library of Congress.   Three years later, Woody published a book called Bound for Glory. It was about his early life and travels. From this book people came to learn how Woody had spent his unhappy youth. His mother, Nora Guthrie, died of Huntington's Disease in 1929 when he was only seventeen years old. There was no treatment for the disease. About twenty years later, the disease also began to attack the son. Woody's health got worse and worse, and finally he entered a hospital.   While Woody seemed to be forgotten, his music was not. By the late 1950s, folk music became popular in America. More Americans began listening and playing the songs of Woody Guthrie. Young folk singers came to New York to visit Woody in the hospital. Among them was Bob Dylan, one of America's greatest popular songwriters. He called Woody his hero. Dylan and others copied the way Woody sang and played the guitar. And like Woody, they wrote songs that called for social and political justice .   Woody Guthrie stayed in the hospital until he died in 1967. In the last years of his life, Woody could hardly speak. But his family and friends knew he still believed in the causes he had sung and written about all his life. They knew this because when they sang his songs, Woody's eyes would become brighter and his defiant spirit would shine through.
Insects (from Latin insectum, a calque of Greek ἔντομον [éntomon], "cut into sections") are a class of invertebrates within the arthropod phylum that have a chitinous exoskeleton, a three-part body (head, thorax and abdomen), three pairs of jointed legs, compound eyes and one pair of antennae. They are the most diverse group of animals on the planet, including more than a million described species and representing more than half of all known living organisms. The number of extant species is estimated at between six and ten million, and potentially represent over 90% of the differing animal life forms on Earth. Insects may be found in nearly all environments, although only a small number of species reside in the oceans, a habitat dominated by another arthropod group, crustaceans.   The life cycles of insects vary but most hatch from eggs. Insect growth is constrained by the inelastic exoskeleton and development involves a series of molts. The immature stages can differ from the adults in structure, habit and habitat, and can include a passive pupal stage in those groups that undergo 4-stage metamorphosis (see holometabolism). Insects that undergo 3-stage metamorphosis lack a pupal stage and adults develop through a series of nymphal stages. The higher level relationship of the Hexapoda is unclear. Fossilized insects of enormous size have been found from the Paleozoic Era, including giant dragonflies with wingspans of 55 to 70 cm (22–28 in). The most diverse insect groups appear to have coevolved with flowering plants.
Mesopotamia (, "[land] between rivers"; "bilād ar-rāfidayn"; ; "miyān rudān"; "Beth Nahrain" "land of rivers") was a historic region situated within the Tigris–Euphrates river system, in modern days roughly corresponding to most of Iraq plus Kuwait, the eastern parts of Syria, Southeastern Turkey, and regions along the Turkish-Syrian and Iran–Iraq borders.   The Sumerians and Akkadians (including Assyrians and Babylonians) dominated Mesopotamia from the beginning of written history (c. 3100 BC) to the fall of Babylon in 539 BC, when it was conquered by the Achaemenid Empire. It fell to Alexander the Great in 332 BC, and after his death, it became part of the Greek Seleucid Empire.   Around 150 BC, Mesopotamia was under the control of the Parthian Empire. Mesopotamia became a battleground between the Romans and Parthians, with western parts of Mesopotamia coming under ephemeral Roman control. In AD 226, eastern part of it fell to the Sassanid Persians. Division of Mesopotamia between Roman (Byzantine from AD 395) and Sassanid Empires lasted until the 7th century Muslim conquest of Persia of the Sasanian Empire and Muslim conquest of the Levant from Byzantines. A number of primarily neo-Assyrian and Christian native Mesopotamian states existed between the 1st century BC and 3rd century AD, including Adiabene, Osroene, and Hatra.
Harry had a very small farm. He only had one cow but dreamed about having a large farm. He once asked his father Bill, "I'd like to have that land over there. How can I get it?" His father encouraged him to go and talk to the landowner to see how they could get the land. Harry said. "But we don't have enough money." His father said, "Don't worry. Go and talk to him." Several years passed. Harry had not only the land, but also several hundred cows. He had a happy life with his wife. Later, Harry's wife, Sarah, had a dream. "I want to build the biggest farm in the world." She said. They called their friend Manuel about this task. Three days later Manuel had a plan for the whole project. Then they asked, "How much will it cost?" Manuel said they needed a lot of money. "Nobody will lend us so much money to build a farm," they thought. But the manager of the bank _ them and their dream. A few months later, La manuel, the biggest farm in the world, was opened.
Jane was running late. Jane, 25, had a lot to do at work, plus visitors on the way: her parents were coming in for Thanksgiving from her hometown. But as she hurried down the subway stairs, she started to feel uncomfortably warm. By the time she got to the platform, Jane felt weak and tired---maybe it hadn't been a good idea to give blood the night before, she thought. She rested herself against a post close to the tracks.   Several yards away, Tom, 43, and his girlfriend, Jennifer, found a spot close to where the front of the train would stop. They were deep in discussion about a house they were thinking of buying.   But when he heard the scream, followed by someone yelling, "Oh, my God, she fell in!" Tom didn't hesitate. He jumped down to the tracks and ran some 40 feet toward the body lying on the rails. "No! Not you!" his girlfriend screamed after him.   She was right to be alarmed. By the time Tom reached Jane, he could feel the tracks shaking and see the light coming. The train was about 20 seconds from the station.   It was hard to lift her. She was just out. But he managed to raise her the four feet to the platform so that bystanders could hold her by the grins and drag her away from the edge. That was where Jane briefly regained consciousness, felt herself being pulled along the ground, and saw someone else holding her purse.   Jane thought she'd been robbed. A woman held her hand and a man gave his shirt to help stop the blood pouring from her head. And she tried to talk but she couldn't, and that was when she realized how much pain she was in.   Police and fire officials soon arrived, and Tom told the story to an officer. Jennifer said her boyfriend was calm on their 40-minute train ride downtown-just as he had been seconds after the rescue, which made her think about her reaction at the time. "I saw the train coming and I was thinking he was going to die," she explained.
At no more than 200 kilometres (120 mi) north to south and 130 kilometres (81 mi) east to west, Swaziland is one of the smallest countries in Africa. Despite its size, however, its climate and topography is diverse, ranging from a cool and mountainous highveld to a hot and dry lowveld. The population is primarily ethnic Swazis whose language is siSwati. They established their kingdom in the mid-18th century under the leadership of Ngwane III; the present boundaries were drawn up in 1881. After the Anglo-Boer War, Swaziland was a British protectorate from 1903 until 1967. It regained its independence on 6 September 1968.   Swaziland is a developing country with a small economy. Its GDP per capita of $9,714 means it is classified as a country with a lower-middle income. As a member of the Southern African Customs Union (SACU) and Common Market for Eastern and Southern Africa (COMESA), its main local trading partner is South Africa. Swaziland's currency, the lilangeni, is pegged to the South African rand. Swaziland's major overseas trading partners are the United States and the European Union. The majority of the country's employment is provided by its agricultural and manufacturing sectors. Swaziland is a member of the Southern African Development Community (SADC), the African Union, the Commonwealth of Nations and the United Nations.
"How many common English words were invented by Shakespeare?" How long did it take people to find the answer to this question 15 years ago? And now! you can google it and find the answer immediately! Google is the most popular Internet search engine in the world. It was invented by two students, Larry Page and Sergey Brin. They met in 1993, when they were studying computer science at Stanford University, USA. They dreamed of producing something that could also answer any question in seconds. Internet search engines at that time were slow and gave many websites that weren't useful. In January 1996, Page and Brin decided to make a better and faster search engine. They thought the results should be based on the most popular websites. Nobody would give them money for their project, so they used their own money. They also borrowed money from family and friends. Then, in 1998, they were given a _ for $100,000, and they started their own company. Their first office was in a friend's garage. The company's name is Google, a word which comes from mathematics. A "google" is a very high number---- 1 followed by a hundred zeros. The google search engine was soon used by thousands of people worldwide because it was fast, easy and correct. By 2002 it was the biggest search engine on the Internet. Now, more questions have been answered by Google than any other Internet service, from sport to science, and from music to medicine. Google hopes that in the future all the world's information will be put on the Internet, so that everybody can find everything.
CHICAGO ---Call it a reward, or just "bribery ".   Whichever it is, many parents today readily admit to buying off their children, who getgoodies for anything from behaving in a restaurant to sleeping all night in their own beds.   That's what worries parenting experts.   "I think that reward systems have a time and a place and work really well in certain situations," says Marcy Safyer, director of the Adelphi University Institute for Parenting.   "But what often gets lost for people is being able to figure out how to communicate to their kids that doing the thing is rewarding enough," Safyer says.   Parents and experts alike agree that thedynamic is partly a reflection of the world we live in. It's unrealistic to think a parent wouldn't reward their children with material things sometimes, says Robin Lanzi, a clinical psychologist and mother of four who's the research director at the Center on Health and Education at Georgetown University.   "But you want to make sure that they match the behavior, so it's not something huge for something small," Lanzi says.   She recalls hearing about a father who offered his child a Nintendo Wii game system for scoring a couple goals in a soccer game.   Elizabeth Powell, a mother of two young daughters in Austin, Texas, knows what she means.   "You want to raise them in a way that they're respectful and appreciate things," Powell says of her children. "But sometimes, you wonder now if kids appreciate even a new pair of shoes. "
Cantonese, or Standard Cantonese, is a variety of the Chinese language spoken around Canton (Guangzhou) and its vicinity in southeastern China. It is the traditional prestige variety of Yue, one of the major subdivisions of Chinese.   In mainland China, it is the "lingua franca" of the province of Guangdong and neighbouring areas such as Guangxi, being the majority language of the Pearl River Delta. It is the dominant and official language of Hong Kong and Macau. Cantonese is also widely spoken amongst overseas Chinese in Southeast Asia (most notably in Vietnam and Malaysia, as well as in Singapore and Cambodia to a lesser extent) and throughout the Western world.   While the term "Cantonese" refers narrowly to the prestige variety, it is often used in a broader sense for the entire Yue subdivision of Chinese, including related but largely mutually unintelligible languages such as Taishanese. When Cantonese and the closely related Yuehai dialects are classified together, there are about 80 million total speakers. Cantonese is viewed as vital part of the cultural identity for its native speakers across large swathes of southeastern China, Hong Kong and Macau.   Although Cantonese shares some vocabulary with Mandarin, the two varieties are mutually unintelligible because of differences in pronunciation, grammar and lexicon. Sentence structure, in particular the placement of verbs, sometimes differs between the two varieties. A notable difference between Cantonese and Mandarin is how the spoken word is written; both can be recorded verbatim but very few Cantonese speakers are knowledgeable in the full Cantonese written vocabulary, so a non-verbatim formalised written form is adopted which is more akin to the Mandarin written form. This results in the situation in which a Cantonese and a Mandarin text may look similar, but are pronounced differently.
In August 1836, two real estate entrepreneurs—Augustus Chapman Allen and John Kirby Allen—from New York, purchased 6,642 acres (26.88 km2) of land along Buffalo Bayou with the intent of founding a city. The Allen brothers decided to name the city after Sam Houston, the popular general at the Battle of San Jacinto, who was elected President of Texas in September 1836. The great majority of slaves in Texas came with their owners from the older slave states. Sizable numbers, however, came through the domestic slave trade. New Orleans was the center of this trade in the Deep South, but there were slave dealers in Houston. Thousands of enslaved African-Americans lived near the city before the Civil War. Many of them near the city worked on sugar and cotton plantations, while most of those in the city limits had domestic and artisan jobs. In 1860 forty-nine percent of the city's population was enslaved. A few slaves, perhaps as many as 2,000 between 1835 and 1865, came through the illegal African trade. Post-war Texas grew rapidly as migrants poured into the cotton lands of the state. They also brought or purchased enslaved African Americans, whose numbers nearly tripled in the state from 1850 to 1860, from 58,000 to 182,566.
BBC News is an operational business division of the British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC) responsible for the gathering and broadcasting of news and current affairs. The department is the world's largest broadcast news organisation and generates about 120 hours of radio and television output each day, as well as online news coverage. The service maintains 50 foreign news bureaux with more than 250 correspondents around the world. James Harding has been Director of News and Current Affairs since April 2013.   The department's annual budget is in excess of £350 million; it has 3,500 staff, 2,000 of whom are journalists. BBC News' domestic, global and online news divisions are housed within the largest live newsroom in Europe, in Broadcasting House in central London. Parliamentary coverage is produced and broadcast from studios in Millbank in London. Through the BBC English Regions, the BBC also has regional centres across England, as well as national news centres in Northern Ireland, Scotland and Wales. All nations and English regions produce their own local news programmes and other current affairs and sport programmes.   The BBC is a quasi-autonomous corporation authorised by Royal Charter, making it operationally independent of the government, who have no power to appoint or dismiss its director-general, and required to report impartially. As with all major media outlets, though, it has been accused of political bias from across the political spectrum, both within the UK and abroad.
It was movie night at Tom's house. He was looking forward to watching a movie. He wondered what sort of movie it would be. Would it be a cartoon? Would there be knights? He really likes to watch movies about spaceships. His sister likes to watch movies about animals. Tonight they would watch his father's favorite type of movie. His mother came home and put it on the table. After dinner Tom cleared away the plates from the table. It was his sister's turn to wash the dishes. His father went to read the newspaper. His mother began to make popcorn. She made a big bowl of popcorn. There was plenty for everyone. She put lots of butter on it. Tom was excited he went to sit on the striped rug in front of the television. His sister came and sat next to him. His parents sat on the couch. The dog climbed on to the blue chair. The movie was about cars. Tom had a great movie night.
This was not how it was supposed to end.   The past week had been a procession -- the next few days were supposed to end in a coronation.   With the future King of England in the Royal Box, the man who wore the Wimbledon crown so proudly allowed it to slip on Centre Court.   Andy Murray, the first British man to win the tournament in 77 years, was not just thrown out of his court, he was brushed aside by a man threatening mutiny at the top of the men's game.   Grigor Dimitrov has hinted at performances like this before -- but this was the announcement his potential had always promised to deliver.   The Bulgarian, 23, for so long hailed as the heir apparent to 17-time grand slam winner Roger Federer, is ready to finally erase the tag which has haunted him since he first came to prominence -- that of "Baby Fed".   Ranked 13 in the world, Dimitrov gave a performance which left nobody in doubt that he is a serious challenger for the title following a 6-1 7-6 6-2 win over the defending champion.   Never before has Dimitrov gone further than the second round at the All England Club -- now he is just one victory away from a grand slam final.   But the signs had been there. Dimitrov, who won the Queens Club title - a warm-up tournament before Wimbledon - has been improving with each and every match.   He will now play his first ever grand slam semifinal against Novak Djokovic -- the 2011 champion and the tournament's top seed. 
(CNN)He's a blue chip college basketball recruit. She's a high school freshman with Down syndrome.   At first glance Trey Moses and Ellie Meredith couldn't be more different. But all that changed Thursday when Trey asked Ellie to be his prom date.   Trey -- a star on Eastern High School's basketball team in Louisville, Kentucky, who's headed to play college ball next year at Ball State -- was originally going to take his girlfriend to Eastern's prom.   So why is he taking Ellie instead? "She's great... she listens and she's easy to talk to" he said.   Trey made the prom-posal (yes, that's what they are calling invites to prom these days) in the gym during Ellie's P.E. class.   Trina Helson, a teacher at Eastern, alerted the school's newspaper staff to the prom-posal and posted photos of Trey and Ellie on Twitter that have gone viral. She wasn't surpristed by Trey's actions.   "That's the kind of person Trey is," she said.   To help make sure she said yes, Trey entered the gym armed with flowers and a poster that read "Let's Party Like it's 1989," a reference to the latest album by Taylor Swift, Ellie's favorite singer.   Trey also got the OK from Ellie's parents the night before via text. They were thrilled.   "You just feel numb to those moments raising a special needs child," said Darla Meredith, Ellie's mom. "You first feel the need to protect and then to overprotect."   Darla Meredith said Ellie has struggled with friendships since elementary school, but a special program at Eastern called Best Buddies had made things easier for her. 
Unicode is a computing industry standard for the consistent encoding, representation, and handling of text expressed in most of the world's writing systems. Developed in conjunction with the Universal Coded Character Set (UCS) standard and published as The Unicode Standard, the latest version of Unicode contains a repertoire of more than 120,000 characters covering 129 modern and historic scripts, as well as multiple symbol sets. The standard consists of a set of code charts for visual reference, an encoding method and set of standard character encodings, a set of reference data files, and a number of related items, such as character properties, rules for normalization, decomposition, collation, rendering, and bidirectional display order (for the correct display of text containing both right-to-left scripts, such as Arabic and Hebrew, and left-to-right scripts). As of June 2015[update], the most recent version is Unicode 8.0. The standard is maintained by the Unicode Consortium.   Unicode can be implemented by different character encodings. The most commonly used encodings are UTF-8, UTF-16 and the now-obsolete UCS-2. UTF-8 uses one byte for any ASCII character, all of which have the same code values in both UTF-8 and ASCII encoding, and up to four bytes for other characters. UCS-2 uses a 16-bit code unit (two 8-bit bytes) for each character but cannot encode every character in the current Unicode standard. UTF-16 extends UCS-2, using one 16-bit unit for the characters that were representable in UCS-2 and two 16-bit units (4 × 8 bits) to handle each of the additional characters.
Estonia (i/ɛˈstoʊniə/; Estonian: Eesti [ˈeːsti]), officially the Republic of Estonia (Estonian: Eesti Vabariik), is a country in the Baltic region of Northern Europe. It is bordered to the north by the Gulf of Finland, to the west by the Baltic Sea, to the south by Latvia (343 km), and to the east by Lake Peipus and Russia (338.6 km). Across the Baltic Sea lies Sweden in the west and Finland in the north. The territory of Estonia consists of a mainland and 2,222 islands and islets in the Baltic Sea, covering 45,339 km2 (17,505 sq mi) of land, and is influenced by a humid continental climate.   After centuries of Danish, Swedish and German rule the native Estonians started to yearn for independence during the period of national awakening while being governed by the Russian Empire. Established on 24 February 1918, the Republic of Estonia came into existence towards the end of World War I. During World War II, Estonia was then occupied by the Soviet Union in 1940, then Nazi Germany a year later and again in 1944 establishing the Estonian Soviet Socialist Republic. In 1988, during the Singing Revolution, the Estonian SSR issued the Estonian Sovereignty Declaration to defy against the illegal Soviet rule. Estonia then restored its independence during the 1991 coup by the Soviets on the night of 20 August 1991.
Oklahoma i/ˌoʊkləˈhoʊmə/ (Cherokee: Asgaya gigageyi / ᎠᏍᎦᏯ ᎩᎦᎨᏱ; or translated ᎣᎦᎳᎰᎹ (òɡàlàhoma), Pawnee: Uukuhuúwa, Cayuga: Gahnawiyoˀgeh) is a state located in the South Central United States. Oklahoma is the 20th most extensive and the 28th most populous of the 50 United States. The state's name is derived from the Choctaw words okla and humma, meaning "red people". It is also known informally by its nickname, The Sooner State, in reference to the non-Native settlers who staked their claims on the choicest pieces of land before the official opening date, and the Indian Appropriations Act of 1889, which opened the door for white settlement in America's Indian Territory. The name was settled upon statehood, Oklahoma Territory and Indian Territory were merged and Indian was dropped from the name. On November 16, 1907, Oklahoma became the 46th state to enter the union. Its residents are known as Oklahomans, or informally "Okies", and its capital and largest city is Oklahoma City.
What's your favorite cartoon? It may be difficult for you to decide. But for pianist Lang Lang, Tom and Jerry is the best one. When Lang was two years old, he saw Tom play the piano. This was his first time to enjoy western music and this experience encouraged him to learn to play the piano. His talent at the keyboard has taken him from Shenyang to the world. Lang became a good piano student at three. Ever since, the boy has been doing better and better. In 1997, the 15-year-old boy studied at a famous American music college. Lang's performances are energetic. He is well-known for making facial expressions and moving around while playing the piano. The road to success has never been easy. Lang's father stopped his job to look after him, while his mother stayed in Shenyang to make money. But Lang thinks himself lucky and believes he should give something back. He has helped the children in poor areas a lot.
One day, my dog woke up early and wouldn't go back to sleep. Why did the dog wake up early? I tried really hard to find out. "Are you sick, dog?" I asked. He didn't say anything, so I took his temperature. It said he wasn't sick! "Are you hungry, dog?" He didn't say anything, so I feed him some dog food. He didn't eat it! "Are you thirsty, dog?" He didn't say anything, so I gave him some water. He didn't drink it! "What's wrong, dog?" He wagged and wagged his tail, and then went over to a bag of balloons that I had. He poked them with his nose. "Oh!" I said. I went over to the balloons and took one out of the bag. I blew it up. He wagged his tail harder. "Is it your birthday, dog?" He wagged and wagged. It must be his birthday! I baked him a bright yellow cake and blew up more balloons. I played his favorite music. We had a party. It was so much fun!
He may not have started from the top of the mountain but it was still a dream downhill for Patrick Kueng as he skied to victory at the World Cup event in Wengen.   The course at the Swiss Alpine resort is renowned as the longest downhill course on the World Cup calendar at 4.4 kilometers (2.12 miles) long but high winds Saturday meant the skiers had to start their runs lower down the slope.   Victory still tasted sweet for Switzerland's Kueng, who beat Austrian Hannes Reichelt and Norwegian Aksel Lund Svindal with a time of one minute 32.66 seconds.   "Since I was a kid, I've been watching this race," the 30-year-old told reporters. "My first dream was to race it and my second dream was to win it.   "In 2006 I had a terrible accident in which I broke one leg and broke the ankle in my other leg. I ended up in a wheelchair and my thoughts did turn to quitting.   "It was a very tough time, but when I decided to continue, it was nothing but 100 per cent. Eventually I got a World Cup spot and now I'm here!"   Keung has never represented Switzerland at a Winter Olympics and is hoping that two World Cup victories this season will be enough to book his place on the plane to the Sochi Games next month.   American Ted Ligety, a 2006 Olympic gold medallist in the combined, tuned up for his next tilt at the Games with a decisive victory in the super-combined in Wengen Friday. 
Travelling around the world is a dream for many people, but a young couple from China has made his dream come true. They drove along the ancient Silk Road, from China to the UK. Luo Chang and Ding Jie, a young couple from China's Guizhou Province, spent two months drving from their home in Shanghai all the way to London. The journey covered about 20,000 kilometer, and they crossed 14 countries and regions . Ding Jie said, " People were excited to see two travelers driving a foreign license car, appearing on their streets. We were stopped many times to take photos with them. Sometimes, when we couldn't understand each other's language, they would express their ideas with gestures . During their driving trip, they also spent many nights in local people's homes. Luo Chang said, "This is an amazing experience. We were driving on a highway or a country road to someone's home. Someone you've never met but was already preparing dinner for you. We feelwe have friends all over the world. During the trip, Luo and Ding took nearly 10,000 photos and kept diaries to record the beautiful scenery , the friendly people and the different customs on the way. ,.
Toyota is the world's market leader in sales of hybrid electric vehicles, and one of the largest companies to encourage the mass-market adoption of hybrid vehicles across the globe. Cumulative global sales of Toyota and Lexus hybrid passenger car models achieved the 10 million milestone in January 2017. Its Prius family is the world's top selling hybrid nameplate with over 6 million units sold worldwide .   The company was founded by Kiichiro Toyoda in 1937, as a spinoff from his father's company Toyota Industries to create automobiles. Three years earlier, in 1934, while still a department of Toyota Industries, it created its first product, the Type A engine, and its first passenger car in 1936, the Toyota AA. Toyota Motor Corporation produces vehicles under five brands, including the Toyota brand, Hino, Lexus, Ranz, and Daihatsu. It also holds a 16.66% stake in Subaru Corporation, a 5.9% stake in Isuzu, as well as joint-ventures with two in China (GAC Toyota and Sichuan FAW Toyota Motor), one in India (Toyota Kirloskar), one in the Czech Republic (TPCA), along with several "nonautomotive" companies. TMC is part of the Toyota Group, one of the largest conglomerates in the world.   Toyota is headquartered in Toyota City, Aichi. The main headquarters of Toyota is located in a 4-storey building in Toyota. As of 2006, the head office has the "Toyopet" Toyota logo and the words "Toyota Motor". The Toyota Technical Center, a 14-story building, and the Honsha plant, Toyota's second plant engaging in mass production and formerly named the Koromo plant, are adjacent to one another in a location near the headquarters. Vinod Jacob from "The Hindu" described the main headquarters building as "modest". In 2013, company head Akio Toyoda reported that it had difficulties retaining foreign employees at the headquarters due to the lack of amenities in the city.
A pet parrot that spoke with a British accent when it disappeared from its home four years ago has been reunited with its owner ---- and the bird now speaks Spanish. The reunion was brought about by Teresa Micco, a Southern California veterinarian who mistook Nigel, an African gray parrot, for her own missing bird, the Daily Breeze reported on Sunday. Teresa Micco tracked Nigel's microchip to Darren Chick, a British man who lives in Torrance, California. "I introduced myself and said, 'Have you lost a bird?' "Micco told the newspaper. "He first said, 'No' But he thought I meant recently " When she checked on Chick's name and said she had his African gray parrot, "He looked at me like I was crazy. " He said his bird had gone missing for four years earlier. Little is known about Nigel's whereabouts for the past four years, but Chick says the bird's British accent is gone, and it now chatters in Spanish. Chick says last week's reunion brought tears of joy to his eyes---despite the fact that Nigel bit him when he first tried to pick him up. Micco said the behaviour was not unusual and that Nigel would settle back in soon enough. "He is doing very well," Chick told the newspaper. "It is really strange. I knew it was him from the minute I saw him" It is the fifth parrot reunion helped by Micco, who has been running advertisements for her own missing bird for nine months. That parrot, Benjamin, escaped in February when it flew out through a door that had been left open. Julissa Sperling found Nigel outside her home and brought him to Micco after seeing one of her advertisements. "He was the happiest bird. He was singing and talking all the time," Sperling said. "He was barking like my dogs. I am from Panama, and he was saying, 'What happened?' in Spanish."
Andrew Holleman, a 12-year-old boy,loved playing in the open land near his home.The land was wet and forested, and made a home for birds, other animals and many different plants. It made the perfect place for him to study and get to know the nature. He had seen some red-tail hawks, red foxes, wood turtles and other animals. He also found special native flowers. Suddenly it was announced that the "empty" land would be improved by a lot of houses on it. The plants would be removed, the animals would run away and most would probably die. Then the wet soil would be covered with extra grounds. When he heard about the news, he was not happy. He was very worried that the land ans water would be polluted. Andrew wrote down clearly all the research he had down about the area, and how the houses would affect the local environment. He sent letters to members of local government and television reporters. He also called on his neighbors to _ the building of the houses. Although he was only 12 years old, he had the courage and wisdom of a person much older. Andrew' s teachers described him as gentle, shy and active. His classmates also admired how much he knew about local animals and plants,and the environment.Each day after school, Andrew went door-to-door, to ask the people to sign, who did not want the houses to be built. In only one month, he got the signatures of 250 people. In the end, the land remained a safe place for birds, animals and plants that belonged there. Andrew won many prizes for his brave and great work to stop the houses being built,and thus help save the environment.
Ctenophora (/tᵻˈnɒfərə/; singular ctenophore, /ˈtɛnəfɔːr/ or /ˈtiːnəfɔːr/; from the Greek κτείς kteis 'comb' and φέρω pherō 'carry'; commonly known as comb jellies) is a phylum of animals that live in marine waters worldwide. Their most distinctive feature is the ‘combs’ – groups of cilia which they use for swimming – they are the largest animals that swim by means of cilia. Adults of various species range from a few millimeters to 1.5 m (4 ft 11 in) in size. Like cnidarians, their bodies consist of a mass of jelly, with one layer of cells on the outside and another lining the internal cavity. In ctenophores, these layers are two cells deep, while those in cnidarians are only one cell deep. Some authors combined ctenophores and cnidarians in one phylum, Coelenterata, as both groups rely on water flow through the body cavity for both digestion and respiration. Increasing awareness of the differences persuaded more recent authors to classify them as separate phyla.
A Bite of China Season Two(<< >> ) is coming! The program is shown at 9 : 00 0n CCTV-1 every Friday night from April 18 to June 6, 2014. There are altogether eight episodes , all about history and culture of food, eating and cooking in China. The directors spent one year visiting more than 150 different parts of China. More than 300 types of food are covered in the documentary . As an old Chinese saying goes, food is what matters most to people. It plays an important role in our daily life, and the rich food culture is also one of the most important parts of Chinese culture. A Bite of China Season Two wants to show the joys and sadnesses of ordinary Chinese in changing times through food. A Bite of China Season One was shown on CCTV in 2012. It attracted more than 100 million viewers. It is all about food, while the second season cares more about the relationship between the people and the food. For example, the first episode shows a young man spent four hours climbing a 40-metre-high tree to get something nice for his brother. The show reminds viewers of their homes and the tastes of childhood. One Weibo user wrote, "A Bite o f China Season Two makes me have so many words to say. It makes me think of my parents and my grandmother. I haven't been home for a long time, so I have decided to go back in a few days. " The show uses food as a window to introduce China to the world. Viewers can see how Chinese people love life by loving food. Anyone who wants to know more about Chinese culture and Chinese society should have a bite of the program.
Chemical engineering is a branch of engineering that applies physical sciences (physics and chemistry), life sciences (microbiology and biochemistry), together with applied mathematics and economics to produce, transform, transport, and properly use chemicals, materials and energy. A chemical engineer designs large-scale processes that convert chemicals, raw materials, living cells, microorganisms and energy into useful forms and products.   Chemical engineers are involved in many aspects of plant design and operation, including safety and hazard assessments, process design and analysis, control engineering, chemical reaction engineering, construction specification and operating instructions. A 1996 "British Journal for the History of Science" article cites James F. Donnelly for mentioning an 1839 reference to chemical engineering in relation to the production of sulfuric acid. In the same paper however, George E. Davis, an English consultant, was credited for having coined the term. Davis also tried to found a "Society of Chemical Engineering", but instead it was named the Society of Chemical Industry (1881), with Davis as its first Secretary. The "History of Science in United States: An Encyclopedia" puts the use of the term around 1890. "Chemical engineering", describing the use of mechanical equipment in the chemical industry, became common vocabulary in England after 1850. By 1910, the profession, "chemical engineer," was already in common use in Britain and the United States.
Authorities have made a second arrest related to a series of arsons in the Coatesville, Pennsylvania, area, the Chester County Arson Task Force said late Thursday.   Roger Leon Barlow is one of two people arrested in suspected arsons around Coatesville, Pennsylvania.   Mark Gilliam, 20, of West Chester, Pennsylvania, was arrested Thursday on a federal charge of attempted arson in the town of Thorndale on January 25, authorities said.   Gilliam was arrested at his residence without incident, according to the task force.   Gilliam is expected to have his initial appearance on Friday in U.S. District Court in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.   Roger Leon Barlow, 19, of Downingtown, Pennsylvania, was arraigned Thursday afternoon on charges that he is responsible for several of the 23 suspected arsons in and around Coatesville since January 1, said Chester County District Attorney Joseph Carroll. Watch authorities announce his arrest »   He is charged with "arson and related offenses" in connection with at least nine of the fires. Among them was a spree that destroyed 15 homes in late January,   His bail was set at $9 million.   Special agent Mark Porter of the multi-agency task force that has been investigating the fires said the group is still investigating the other blazes and will "continue our efforts until everyone is brought to justice ... and we can bring some sense of peace to the city."   The task force would not comment on a possible motive, but Carroll said he does not suspect Barlow of a hate crime, classified as targeting an individual group or gang-related activity. 
Sam was outside playing. It was very hot out and he got really thirsty. He saw that Mr. Brown was setting up a table with sodas and snacks down the street. Sam was very excited because this would solve his problem.   He checked his pockets. They were empty. Where did his money go? This was a problem. In order to get a soda and snack he would need money.   Sam ran home as fast as he could. He was in a rush. He passed by Jim as he was running. He asked Sam why he was running. "No time," Sam Said.   When he got inside the house Sam was very happy. His money was on his dresser in his bedroom. Thank goodness. He had enough money to get a soda. Sam ran back outside, but this time he slowed down when he saw Jim. He told Jim to come with him to Mr. Brown's table. He had enough money to buy them both a soda.
When I was a little kid, a father was like the light in the fridge. Every house had one, but no one really knew what either of them did when the door was shut. My dad left the house every morning and always seemed glad to see every one again at night. He opened the jar of pickles when no one else at home could. He was the only one in the house who wasn't afraid to go into the basement by himself. Whenever it rained, he got into the car and brought it around to the door. When anyone was sick, he went out to get the prescription filled. He set mousetraps. He cut back the roses so the thorns wouldn't hurt you when you came to the front door. He oiled my roller skates, and they went faster. When I got my bike, he ran alongside me for at least a thousand miles until I _ . He signed all my report and cards. He took a lot of pictures, but was never in them. He tightened up Mother's sagging clothesline every week or so. I was afraid of everyone else's father, but not my own. Whenever I played house , the mother doll had a lot to do. I never knew what to do with the daddy doll, so I had him say, "I'm going off to work now," and threw him under the bed. When I was nine years old, my father didn't get up one morning and go to work, he went to the hospital and died the next day. There were a lot of people in the house who brought all kinds of good food and cakes. We had never had so much company before. He never did anything; I didn't know his leaving would hurt so much.
At least one performer fell hard for Sunday night's Billboard Music Awards.   Not sure what that means? Well, check out the top five moments from Sunday night's 2013 Billboard Music Awards:   1. Miguel lands on a fan   The R & B singer accidentally landed on a woman in the mosh pit during a performance of his hit song "Adorn." He was attempting a jump that went wrong. The fan appeared to be fine and the singer kept singing. Miguel later tweeted: "got caught up in the moment, thank goodness Khyati is okay."   2. Taylor Swift wins eight out of the 11 awards she was up for   Swift is no stranger to taking to the stage to accept accolades, and on Sunday night she collected a few, including Billboard Artist of the Year.   "My album is kind of on the ends of the intense emotional spectrum," Swift said while accepting that award. "You (fans) are the longest and best relationship I have ever had."   She also won Top Country Artist,Top Billboard 200 Artist, Top Female Artist, and Top Digital Songs Artist -- the last one a tie with singer Carly Rae Jepsen. Swift's album "Red" won in the Top Billboard 200 and Country Album categories and her single "We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together" collected the trophy for Top Country Song.   3. Justin Bieber gets booed   While accepting the first ever Milestone Award, the Biebs was both cheered and jeered. He appeared to reference the rough times he has had of late in his acceptance speech. 
Jessie felt her life so boring one summer day. She was tired of watching TV, she read all her books, and her friends were on vacation. She wanted something different to do. Suddenly, she saw the lawn mower sitting in the yard. "Mom," she shouted, ''I think I will mow the lawn." Her mom ran into the yard and said,"Oh no, you don't. You're too young to mow the lawn." "I'm fourteen years old and know how to do it," Jessie said. "Besides, it would help Dad out, and he won't have to worry about it over the weekend." Mom thought for a while and then decided to let Jessie give it a try. After all, she was home and would _ her. Jessie already knew how to start the lawn mower from watching her dad. Jessie checked the gas to make sure it was full, and put on her gardening gloves to protect her hands. Mom watched from the kitchen window. Jessie really does know how to mow the lawn. She was very careful around the flowers and trees. When she finished, she felt so good, but she was so hot. Mom brought her some ice tea and said, "You really did a great job. Dad will be very surprised." Later that day, Dad came home and said to Jessie's mom, "You didn't have to mow the lawn. I was going to do it on Saturday. It looks great. Thanks." "I didn't mow it. Jessie did." "Wow, our little girl is growing up!" Dad told Jessie what a great job she had done. "It was fun, and I will do it again next week," said Jessie. The neighbor next door came by and asked Jessie if she wanted to mow his lawn and make some money. "Sure!" said Jessie. Jessie began mowing his lawn. Two other neighbors asked so, then another three. Jessie was now mowing lawns for them all and making some money. She was no longer bored! "I won't have time to spend my money," she laughed to herself.
The threatening calls reportedly came one after the other to Mexico's main Catholic seminary.   Callers, claiming to be from one of the country's feared drug cartels, offered an ominous warning: Pay up if you value the safety of your priests.   "They called several times. They identified themselves as the Familia Michoacana, but who knows?" Cardinal Norberto Rivera, archbishop of Mexico City, revealed at a Mass this week. "I spoke with the authorities. We made the appropriate report. Because they wanted us to pay. Because if not, they would kill one of us. They wanted to extort 60,000 pesos ($4,600)."   Reports of extortion have become increasingly common as drug cartels expand their reach in Mexico. But public denouncements of such attempts are rare.   Rivera called on parishioners to report extortion to authorities, and he urged them not to pay.   His description Sunday of the extortion attempts and a statement denouncing drug violence give a glimpse into the problems faced by a Catholic Church often caught in the crossfire of warring cartels and government efforts to stop them.   In the country's capital alone, more than 10 priests have been threatened with extortion, said the Reverend Hugo Valdemar Romero, a spokesman for the archdiocese.   "None of them have paid," he told CNN. "Last year, two extortionists were arrested."   It's not uncommon for individual parishes to face extortion threats, he said. But the calls last month to the Seminary of the Archdiocese of Mexico marked the first time such a large church-run institution in the capital had been targeted, Romero said. 
If a defendant is sentenced to death at the trial level, the case then goes into a direct review. The direct review process is a typical legal appeal. An appellate court examines the record of evidence presented in the trial court and the law that the lower court applied and decides whether the decision was legally sound or not. Direct review of a capital sentencing hearing will result in one of three outcomes. If the appellate court finds that no significant legal errors occurred in the capital sentencing hearing, the appellate court will affirm the judgment, or let the sentence stand. If the appellate court finds that significant legal errors did occur, then it will reverse the judgment, or nullify the sentence and order a new capital sentencing hearing. Lastly, if the appellate court finds that no reasonable juror could find the defendant eligible for the death penalty, a rarity, then it will order the defendant acquitted, or not guilty, of the crime for which he/she was given the death penalty, and order him sentenced to the next most severe punishment for which the offense is eligible. About 60 percent survive the process of direct review intact.
Tel Aviv is a major city in Israel, located on the country's Mediterranean coastline. It is the financial center and the technology hub of Israel, with a population of , making it Israel's second-largest city. Tel Aviv is the largest city in the Gush Dan region of Israel. Tel Aviv is also a focal point in the high-tech concentration known as the Silicon Wadi.   Tel Aviv is governed by the Tel Aviv-Yafo Municipality, headed by Ron Huldai, and is home to many foreign embassies. Tel Aviv is a global city and is the 32nd most important financial center in the world. Tel Aviv is known to have the third-largest economy of any city in the Middle East after Abu Dhabi and Kuwait City. The city has the 31st highest cost of living in the world. Known as "The City that Never Sleeps," Tel Aviv receives over a million international visitors annually. A "party capital" in the Middle East, it has a lively nightlife and 24-hour culture.   The city was founded in 1909 by Jews on the outskirts of the ancient port city of Jaffa. Its name means Spring Hill, though the hill was mostly sand. The modern city's first neighborhoods had already been established in 1886, the first of which was Neve Tzedek.
Barcelona moved five points clear in Spain as manager Pep Guardiola celebrated his 100th match in charge with a 4-0 victory at home to Racing Santander on Saturday.   The injury-hit defending champions brushed off the pre-match loss of star striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic to romp into a 3-0 halftime lead as they put pressure on Real Madrid to win Sunday's home match against Villarreal.   The Swede is in doubt for Tuesday's Champions League trip to German club Stuttgart due to a swollen ankle.   Midfielder Andres Iniesta took advantage of some slack defending to pounce for his first goal this season in the seventh minute, hooking home a left-foot effort after the ball ran loose in his 300th outing for the club.   France striker Thierry Henry, handed a rare start due to Ibrahimovic's absence, netted a free-kick in the 29th minute after driving a shot through the defensive wall for his first goal this year.   Center-back Rafael Marquez marked his return from suspension with a similar effort nine minute later as he curled a set-piece over the wall and in off the post.   Barca took their foot off the pedal in the second half, but 18-year-old Thiago scored his first senior goal in the 84th minute with a deflected shot after Lionel Messi set him up with a cutback.   Captain Carles Puyol had to go off with a facial injury but is expected to face Stuttgart in the first leg of the last-16 tie.   It was Guardiola's 71st victory since taking charge of the Catalan giants, and 14th-placed Racing never looked like inflicting his 11th defeat -- the 10th came against Atletico Madrid last weekend, Barca's first in La Liga this season. 
Saba is a Caribbean island which is the smallest special municipality (officially “public body”) of the Netherlands. It consists largely of the potentially active volcano Mount Scenery, at 887 metres (2,910 ft) the highest point of the entire Netherlands.   Saba has a land area of . , the population was 1,991 inhabitants, with a population density of . Its towns and major settlements are The Bottom (the capital), Windwardside, Hell's Gate and St. Johns.   Christopher Columbus is said to have sighted the island on 13November 1493. He did not land, being deterred by the island's perilous rocky shores. In 1632 a group of shipwrecked Englishmen landed upon Saba. They stated they found the island uninhabited when they were rescued; however, clear evidence has been found indicating that Caribs and Arawak Native Nations have lived on the island.   In 1635 a stray Frenchman claimed Saba for Louis XIII of France. In the latter 1630s, the Dutch Governor of the neighboring island of Sint Eustatius sent several Dutch families over to colonize the island for the Dutch West India Company. In 1664, refusing to swear allegiance to the English crown, these original Dutch settlers were evicted to St.Maarten by Thomas Morgan and other English pirates that had been convicted to stay on Jamaica, to return within the months and years following. The Netherlands have been in continuous possession of Saba since 1816, after numerous flag changes (British-Dutch-French) during the previous centuries. By 2016 the island had been French for 12 years, English for 18 years, and Dutch for 345 years.
The flowering plants (angiosperms), also known as Angiospermae or Magnoliophyta, are the most diverse group of land plants, with about 350,000 species. Like gymnosperms, angiosperms are seed-producing plants; they are distinguished from gymnosperms by characteristics including flowers, endosperm within the seeds, and the production of fruits that contain the seeds. Etymologically, angiosperm means a plant that produces seeds within an enclosure, in other words, a fruiting plant. The term "angiosperm" comes from the Greek composite word (angeion-, "case" or "casing", and sperma, "seed") meaning "enclosed seeds", after the enclosed condition of the seeds.   Fossilized spores suggest that higher plants (embryophytes) have lived on land for at least 475 million years. Early land plants reproduced sexually with flagellated, swimming sperm, like the green algae from which they evolved. An adaptation to terrestrialization was the development of upright meiosporangia for dispersal by spores to new habitats. This feature is lacking in the descendants of their nearest algal relatives, the Charophycean green algae. A later terrestrial adaptation took place with retention of the delicate, avascular sexual stage, the gametophyte, within the tissues of the vascular sporophyte. This occurred by spore germination within sporangia rather than spore release, as in non-seed plants. A current example of how this might have happened can be seen in the precocious spore germination in Selaginella, the spike-moss. The result for the ancestors of angiosperms was enclosing them in a case, the seed. The first seed bearing plants, like the ginkgo, and conifers (such as pines and firs), did not produce flowers. The pollen grains (males) of Ginkgo and cycads produce a pair of flagellated, mobile sperm cells that "swim" down the developing pollen tube to the female and her eggs.
A Michigan teenager pleaded guilty Monday in the mob beating of a 54-year-old grandfather after he inadvertently struck a child with his truck in April, according to a news release from the Wayne County Prosecutor's office.   Bruce Wimbush, 18, pleaded guilty to assault with intent to do great bodily harm, according to the news release.   Wimbush admitted in court Monday that he punched the driver, Steven Utash, in the jaw and was among a "large group of people" that attacked the man in April. The teen told Judge James Callahan that after seeing Utash hit a child, he "got emotional" and his anger took over, according to CNN affiliate WDIV.   "I have a little brother and when I saw the kid, all I could see at the time was my little brother," Wimbush said, according to WDIV.   The charge was reduced by prosecutors from assault with intent to murder with the agreement that Wimbush will testify in future proceedings related to the assault, the release said.   Three other adult suspects are charged with attempted murder in the attack while a fourth, a juvenile, is charged with assault and ethnic intimidation. They are scheduled to appear in court this week, according to the prosecutor's office.   Wimbush will be sentenced on July 7 and faces up to 10 years in prison, according to the prosecutor's office.   Utash, the driver, was hospitalized in a coma after the attack. He returned home in May after spending more than six weeks in a hospital and rehabilitation center, according to a "Help Steven Utash" Facebook page post. 
Jean is a young girl who comes from a rich and famous family. She goes to a good university and has almost everything that money can buy. The problem is that Jean's family are so busy that they can hardly find time to be with her. Jean is quite lonely . So she spends a lot of time on her QQ. She likes being anonymous , talking to people who do not know about her famous family and her rich life. She uses the name Linda on QQ and has made a lot of friends. Last year Jean made a very special friend on QQ. His name was David and he lived in San Francisco. David was full of stories and jokes. He and Jean had the same interest in rock music and modern dance. So it always took them hours to talk happily on QQ and sometimes they even forgot their time. Of course, they wanted to know more about each other. David sent a picture of himself. He was a tall, good-looking young man with big, happy smile. As time went by, they became good friends and often sent cards and small things to each other. When Jean's father told her that he was going on a business trip to San Francisco, she asked him to let her go with him. She wanted to give David a surprise for his birthday. She would take him the latest DVD of a rock singer. But when she knocked on David's door in San Francisco, she found that her special friend was a 70-year-old man named Jim! How disappointed Jean was!
Hatfield is a town and civil parish in Hertfordshire, England, in the borough of Welwyn Hatfield. It had a population of 29,616 in 2001, increasing to 39,201 at the 2011 Census. The settlement is of Saxon origin. Hatfield House, the home of the Marquess of Salisbury, is the nucleus of the old town. From the 1930s when de Havilland opened a factory until the 1990s when British Aerospace closed, Hatfield was associated with aircraft design and manufacture, which employed more people than any other industry.   Hatfield was one of the post-war New Towns built around London and has much modernist architecture from the period. The University of Hertfordshire is based there. Hatfield is north of London and is connected to the capital via the A1(M) and direct trains to London King's Cross, Finsbury Park and Moorgate. As a result, the town has seen a recent increase in commuters who work in London moving to the area.   In the Saxon period Hatfield was known as Hetfelle, but by the year 970, when King Edgar gave to the monastery of Ely, it had become known as Haethfeld. Hatfield is mentioned in the Domesday Book as the property of the Abbey of Ely, and unusually, the original census data which compilers of Domesday used still survives, giving us slightly more information than in the final Domesday record. No other records remain until 1226, when Henry III granted the Bishops of Ely rights to an annual four-day fair and a weekly market. The town was then called Bishop's Hatfield.
300 (three hundred) is the natural number following 299 and preceding 301. The number 300 is a triangular number and the sum of a pair of twin primes (149 + 151), as well as the sum of ten consecutive primes (13 + 17 + 19 + 23 + 29 + 31 + 37 + 41 + 43 + 47). It is palindromic in 3 consecutive bases: 300 = 606 = 454 = 363, and also in bases 13, 19, 24, 29, 49 and 59.   Three hundred is:   301 = 7 × 43. 301 is the sum of three consecutive primes (97 + 101 + 103), happy number in base 10   An HTTP status code, indicating the content has been moved and the change is permanent (permanent redirect). It is also the number of a debated Turkish penal code.   302 = 2 × 151. 302 is a nontotient and a happy number   302 is the HTTP status code indicating the content has been moved (temporary redirect). It is also the displacement in cubic inches of Ford's "5.0" V8 and the area code for the state of Delaware.   303 = 3 × 101   303 is the "See other" HTTP status code, indicating content can be found elsewhere. Model number of the Roland TB-303 synthesizer which is accredited as having been used to create the first acid house music tracks, in the late 1980s.
Everyone in our class has our own characters. Each plays his or her part in our class. All in all,we are a group of young children who are perhaps a bit noisy at times,but on the whole are well behaved and pleasant to be with. Ah Keong We are a noisy group, and that is what our teachers say about us.This is largely because of Ah Keong.He is the noisiest of us all because he lives with his family of ten children.It seems that he cannot talk softly.Actually he does not talk, he shouts. Padma Padma is a quiet boy who sits next to me. He is so soft that one would think that he is a girl .This is not so. No one dares to call him"girl", for he is a member of the school karate club. Doris Doris is such a model student that all the teachers love her, She sits right in front of the teachers table.We all love her because she is kind and helpful. Every day, she makes sure that the teachers have enough chalk and the classroom is clean. JJack Every class has a clown . Our class has jack. He is naughty and always playing tricks on others. He puts tails on the boys pants and frogs in the girls desks. So when we hear someone crying, we know that Jack has played a trick again.
Ankara, formerly known as Ancyra () and Angora, is the capital of the Republic of Turkey. With a population of 4,587,558 in the urban center and 5,150,072 in its province , it is Turkey's second largest city after former imperial capital Istanbul, having overtaken İzmir. The former Metropolitan archbishopric remains a triple titular see (Latin, Armenian Catholic and Orthodox).   Ankara was Atatürk's headquarters from 1920 and has been the capital of the Republic since the latter's founding in 1923, replacing Istanbul (once the Byzantine capital Constantinople) following the fall of the Ottoman Empire. The government is a prominent employer, but Ankara is also an important commercial and industrial city, located at the center of Turkey's road and railway networks. The city gave its name to the Angora wool shorn from Angora rabbits, the long-haired Angora goat (the source of mohair), and the Angora cat. The area is also known for its pears, honey and muscat grapes. Although situated in one of the driest places of Turkey and surrounded mostly by steppe vegetation except for the forested areas on the southern periphery, Ankara can be considered a green city in terms of green areas per inhabitant, at per head.   Ankara is a very old city with various Hittite, Phrygian, Hellenistic, Roman, Byzantine, and Ottoman archaeological sites. The historical center of town is a rocky hill rising over the left bank of the Ankara Çayı, a tributary of the Sakarya River, the classical Sangarius. The hill remains crowned by the ruins of the old citadel. Although few of its outworks have survived, there are well-preserved examples of Roman and Ottoman architecture throughout the city, the most remarkable being the 20  Temple of Augustus and Rome that boasts the Monumentum Ancyranum, the inscription recording the "Res Gestae Divi Augusti".
The day was sunny and warm. The birds were chirping and dancing around happily. Ashley, the daughter of the dressmaker in town, was walking and whistling and enjoying the day, carrying her fishing pole. She was on her way to the creek to meet her friend Ethan to go fishing. She was so excited; she loved to fish! As she was walking she took a time out to smell the flowers. She chose to pick some for her mother. "Mom may be so happy." she said out loud.   "Pleased with what?" she heard behind her.   Ashley jumped, dropping the flowers. "Oh Ethan! Why did you do that?" she asked.   "I'm sorry, I scared you" Ethan stated. "I didn't mean to, I was curious that's all."   Ashley turned to Ethan "That's alright, I was picking flowers for my mom, let's go fishing before it's too late".   Ashley and Ethan skipped off to the creek and had a wonderful time fishing. Even if they didn't catch anything.
When two Bangs meet   Sheldon Cooper is a scientific genius on the popular American TV show, The Big Bang Theory (<<>> ). He finally met his match last year: Stephen Hawking.   This is not the first time that the scientist has appeared on TV. He has also been on Star Trek (in 1987) and The Simpsons (in 1989). Each time, he played himself.   Hawking, 71, is perhaps the world's most famous scientist after Albert Einstein. He has spent his whole life studying the beginning and the end of the universe, including the Big Bang theory.   The Big Bang theory explains the early development of the universe. According to the theory, about 13.7 billion years ago everything was all squeezed together in a tiny, tight little ball, and then the ball exploded. The results of that explosion are what we call the universe.   Hawking has always tried to make science more popular with people. His book: A Brief History of Time was published in 1988. In the book he shares his understanding of the universe in simple language. The book tries to explain many subjects about the universe to common readers, including the Big Bang, black holes and light cones .   Hawking's achievements are even greater if you think about his disability. When he was 21, Hawking caught a bad illness that slowly stopped him from moving or talking. Now he sits on a wheelchair with a computer by his side. To communicate, he moves two fingers to control the computer's mouse. He chooses his words from the screen, which are then spoken by a voice synthesizer .   Hawking also believes that there might be aliens in space. However, he believes they are probably very dangerous, so we should not look for them. "I imagine they might exist in very big ships ... having used up all the resources from their home planet," Hawking said in a British documentary named Into the Universe with Stephen Hawking.
There are 5 channels on British television and each channel has several news programs all day long. Some programs are only for 3 minutes but some are one hour long. The people who read the news are called news presenters and because they appear on television every day, they are very famous. This is a popular news presenter in England called Trevor McDonald, in the news studio. He presents a program called "News at Ten"every Monday to Friday evenings. Another popular news presenter is Kirsty Young. She has a more modern style of reading the news, as you can see, she sits on the desk not on a chair! Television news presenters need to have worked as journalists because they have to write most of the news that they read. Sometimes an important new event happens after the program has started, so the presenter has to be able to read something without looking at it first. They must always keep calm even when there are many changes during the program. At the end of "News at Ten"Trevor McDonald says "And finally...". Then he reads an unusual or interesting item. It's a famous saying in England now.
A man apparently angry over a poor performance evaluation entered an Ohio State University maintenance building early Tuesday and opened fire, killing a manager before turning the gun on himself, police said.   Larry Wallington, 48, a building services manager at the OSU Maintenance Building, was pronounced dead at the scene of the 3:30 a.m. ET shooting, Ohio State University Police Chief Paul Denton said. Wallington was a 10-year university employee, he said.   Authorities found suspect Nathaniel Brown, 51, a custodial worker, suffering from a self-inflicted gunshot at the scene, Denton said. He was transported to the Ohio State University Medical Center, where he was dead on arrival.   Police believe Brown -- a probational employee since October who had received a poor performance review -- entered the building dressed in dark clothing carrying two handguns and began firing into an office suite, Denton said. Officials would not say when Brown received the review, who gave it to him or provide further details, citing the ongoing investigation.   A third person, Henry Butler, 60, an operations shift leader, also was shot. He was in stable condition at the OSU Medical Center, Denton said.   Police earlier Tuesday had said that two people were wounded and one killed and that the alleged shooter was in custody.   About a half-dozen employees were at the building when the shooting occurred, and some witnessed it, authorities said.   Ohio State's Web site said the building where the shooting occurred was secured, and some traffic restrictions remained in place Tuesday morning. "The university continues normal operations," the school said. "Classes will be held and normal work schedules are in effect." 
Few buildings on earth can compete with the legendary beauty of the Taj Mahal. Towering over the ancient Indian city of Agra, the Taj Mahal is the grandest monument to love ever created.   The lovers in this story are the 17th century Indian emperor Shah Jehan and his wife Mumtaz Mahal. She took a leading role in advising him, which is something unusual for a woman to do for a husband who's an emperor. Over the course of their nineteen-year marriage she gave birth to 14 children. But in 1631 while trying to deliver their fifteenth -- she tragically died. He was heartbroken when she died. And after her death, he decided to build the world's greatest monument ever built, for love.   He ordered the royal architects to design the most beautiful building the world had known and decided to name it after his beloved, Mumtaz Mahal. He called on twenty thousand workers and sent many more people to all corners of his country in search of valuable metals and jewels. And after seventeen years of hard work, Shah Jehan's monument was completed and his beloved empress was moved to her final resting place.   Everything had gone according to plan, but Shah Jehan's luck was about to change ... In 1658, just four years after the completion of the Taj Mahal, he was thrown out of power. Unfortunately, his son, Aran Azibe imprisoned him, his own father. And he spent the last seven years of his life in prison. And he was allowed to look at the Taj Mahal through a window. His life was in ruins, but when he died his last wish was promised. He was buried beside his beloved wife in the Taj Mahal.
Bolivia, officially known as the Plurinational State of Bolivia (), is a landlocked country located in western-central South America. It is bordered to the north and east by Brazil, to the southeast by Paraguay, to the south by Argentina, to the southwest by Chile, and to the northwest by Peru. One-third of the country is the Andean mountain range.   The largest city and principal economic and financial center is Santa Cruz de la Sierra, located on the Llanos Orientales (Tropical lowlands) mostly flat region in the East of Bolivia. Bolivia is one of two landlocked countries (the other is Paraguay) that lie outside Afro-Eurasia. Bolivia is geographically the largest landlocked country in the Americas, but remains a relatively small country in economic and military terms.   Before Spanish colonization, the Andean region of Bolivia was part of the Inca Empire, while the northern and eastern lowlands were inhabited by independent tribes. Spanish "conquistadors" arriving from Cuzco and Asunción took control of the region in the 16th century. During the Spanish colonial period Bolivia was administered by the Royal Audiencia of Charcas. Spain built its empire in great part upon the silver that was extracted from Bolivia's mines.   After the first call for independence in 1809, 16 years of war followed before the establishment of the Republic, named for Simón Bolívar, on 6 August 1825. Since independence, Bolivia has endured periods of political and economic instability, including the loss of various peripheral territories to its neighbors, such as Acre and parts of the Gran Chaco. It has been landlocked since the annexation of its Pacific coast territory by Chile following the War of the Pacific (1879–84), but agreements with neighboring countries have granted it indirect access to the Pacific and Atlantic oceans.
They played in the U.S. Open final Monday but both Rafael Nadal and Novak Djokovic were back in action for their countries Friday.   They both won, too, overcoming fatigue, jet lag and a change of surface.   Nadal, who beat Djokovic in New York to claim his 13th grand slam title, prevailed 6-0 6-0 6-4 over Sergiy Stakhovsky -- Roger Federer's conqueror at Wimbledon -- on his favored clay.   He boosted his Davis Cup record in singles to a near invincible 21-1, with his lone reverse coming in his first outing against Jiri Novak in 2004.   Nadal hadn't played in the competition since 2011, opting to skip proceedings in 2012 even before his season was ruined by a knee injury.   "Today is another victory after a long year and every victory is important," Nadal told the Davis Cup website.   With Fernando Verdasco also winning his match in Madrid against Ukraine, it means Spain is on the verge of retaining its spot in next year's world group following an upset loss to Canada in February.   Nadal is scheduled for the potential doubles clincher Saturday alongside good pal Marc Lopez. If he does take to the court, it would be his first doubles tussle in the Davis Cup in seven years.   "To play with a good friend like Marc will be a special feeling, first time in the Davis Cup," said Nadal.   Canada kept on progressing in the Davis Cup and encountered Djokovic's Serbia in its maiden semifinal Friday.   But Djokovic was too strong in the opener versus big-serving Vasek Pospisil, cruising 6-2 6-0 6-4 on clay in Belgrade. 
When Dallas nurse Nina Pham left hospital after treatment for Ebola last week, all she wanted to do was hug her dog.   She'll get a chance to do that Saturday, when she's reunited with Bentley, her beloved King Charles Spaniel.   The puppy got a third negative test for Ebola, and the two are meeting after his 21-day quarantine -- the incubation period for the deadly virus.   "All three samples came back negative today," said Sana Syed, the Dallas city spokeswoman. "We're planning the big reunion for Saturday -- Nina is ready!"   Pham was released from the National Institutes of Health in Maryland after undergoing treatment for the virus. She contracted it while caring for Thomas Eric Duncan, the first patient diagnosed in the United States. He died on October 8.   Bentley captured hearts nationwide during news coverage of Pham, which included a picture of him nuzzling her in a car. The small spaniel is classified as a toy dog by the American Kennel Club, and is called a Blenheim Cavalier because of chestnut markings on a white coat.   "He's such a joy, you can't help but love this little guy," said Dr. Cate McManus, operations manager of Dallas Animal Services. " I can't wait to see him on talk shows when he's all healthy and out of here."   But it's not been all stool and urine tests for the pooch.   In addition to chasing after balls in his quarantine space, Bentley gets visits three times a day from caretakers in hazmat suits. 
Look out Liverpool, Mario Balotelli has arrived.   As famous for his larger than life demeanor as he is for his goalscoring exploits, the mercurial striker has completed his move from AC Milan to the English Premier League club.   He joined on a long-term deal, Liverpool said on its website Monday wit the fee reportedly around $26.5 million.   "I'm very happy," Balotelli told the club's official website. "We've been talking about coming here and now I'm happy to be here.   "Liverpool are one of the best teams here in England and the football is very good here.   "It's a great team with young players, and that's why I came here."   The Italian is well known to English football fans after a turbulent two-and-a-half-year stint with Manchester City, where he helped the team to a first league title in 44 years while also gaining a cult following for his off-field antics.   But Balotelli could be just the man Liverpool needs to help spearhead its Premier League and Champions League challenge following the departure of last season's top scorer Luis Suarez to Barcelona.   "Suarez's exit left a hole in the side in terms of his goals but more than that, it also left a hole in terms of Liverpool losing a player idolized by the Kop," Jim Boardman, writer for Anfield Road and The Anfield Wrap websites, told CNN.   "Few players are idolized at Anfield to the same kind of level that Suarez enjoyed but Balottelli is in prime position to take that crown. 
The family of Abdelbaset Ali Mohmed al Megrahi has applied for a review of his conviction in a Scottish court for the 1988 bombing of PanAm Flight 103.   Al Megrahi was found guilty in 2001 of the murders of the 259 passengers and crew on board the flight from London to New York, as well as those of 11 residents of the Scottish town of Lockerbie. He died in 2012 in Libya, having been released from prison in Scotland in 2009 on compassionate grounds because he had terminal cancer.   The Scottish Criminal Cases Review Commission confirmed in a statement Thursday that it had received an application to review his conviction in the case.   Dr. Jim Swire, whose 23-year-old daughter Fiona was killed in the bombing, attended court to file the application on behalf of the al Megrahi family, the Commission said. He is also one of the applicants.   Swire does not believe al Megrahi was responsible for the bombing and is among a number of relatives of the victims who have been fighting for the evidence in the case to be re-examined in court.   Al Megrahi previously applied to the commission for a review of his conviction in 2003, and his case was referred to the High Court for a new appeal in 2007, the statement said. However, he subsequently dropped his appeal in 2009.   The commission, a body set up to investigate potential miscarriages of justice, will now look at the new application in order to make a decision about whether to accept it or not, a process that could take months. 
Cambridge University Press (CUP) is the publishing business of the University of Cambridge. Granted letters patent by Henry VIII in 1534, it is the world's oldest publishing house and the second-largest university press in the world (after Oxford University Press). It also holds letters patent as the Queen's Printer.   The Press's mission is "To further the University's mission by disseminating knowledge in the pursuit of education, learning and research at the highest international levels of excellence."   Cambridge University Press is a department of the University of Cambridge and is both an academic and educational publisher. With a global sales presence, publishing hubs, and offices in more than 40 countries, it publishes over 50,000 titles by authors from over 100 countries. Its publishing includes academic journals, monographs, reference works, textbooks, and English-language teaching and learning publications. Cambridge University Press is a charitable enterprise that transfers part of its annual surplus back to the university.   Cambridge University Press is both the oldest publishing house in the world and the oldest university press. It originated from Letters Patent granted to the University of Cambridge by Henry VIII in 1534, and has been producing books continuously since the first University Press book was printed. Cambridge is one of the two privileged presses (the other being Oxford University Press). Authors published by Cambridge have included John Milton, William Harvey, Isaac Newton, Bertrand Russell, and Stephen Hawking.
Sydney () is the state capital of New South Wales and the most populous city in Australia and Oceania. Located on Australia's east coast, the metropolis surrounds the world's largest natural harbour and sprawls about on its periphery towards the Blue Mountains to the west, Hawkesbury to the north and Macarthur to the south. Sydney is made up of 658 suburbs, 40 local government areas and 15 contiguous regions. Residents of the city are known as "Sydneysiders". As at June 2016 Sydney's estimated population was 5,029,768.   The Sydney area has been inhabited by indigenous Australians for at least 30,000 years. Lieutenant James Cook first landed at Kurnell in 1770, when navigating his way up the east coast of Australia on his ship, "HMS Endeavour". It was not until 1788 when the "First Fleet", which contained convicts and was led by Captain Arthur Phillip, arrived in Botany Bay to found Sydney as a penal colony, the first European settlement in Australia. Phillip named the city "Sydney" in recognition of Thomas Townshend, 1st Viscount Sydney, Home Secretary in 1788. There are examples of rock art and engravings located in the protected Ku-ring-gai Chase National Park, as well as the Royal National Park.   Since convict transportation ended in the mid-19th century, the city has transformed from a colonial outpost into a major global cultural and economic centre. The municipal council of Sydney was incorporated in 1842 and became Australia's first city. Gold was discovered in the colony in 1851 and with it came thousands of people seeking to make money. Sydney became one of the most multicultural cities in the world after the mass migration following the second World War. According to the , more than 250 different languages were spoken in Sydney and about 40 percent of residents spoke a language other than English at home. Furthermore, 36 percent of the population reported having been born overseas.
Country superstar Alan Jackson is famous alright, but that didn't help his 20-year-old daughter, Alexandra, when she was arrested on Wednesday.   According to Metro Nashville Police, Alexandra was charged with assault, underage consumption of alcohol, and resisting arrest during a traffic stop. The 20-year-old was riding shotgun in a Range Rover that a police officer observed was speeding, and when the officer pulled the car over, it was discovered that Alexandra "had consumed a large amount of alcohol."   Police say Alexandra became "visibly irate" while the officer spoke with the driver of the vehicle, and began making demands as she got out of the car.   The officer requested that she return to the vehicle, but according to police that only angered Alexandra more. After being threatened with the possibility of being arrested if she didn't get back inside the car, Alexandra struck the officer in his chest.   When police tried to arrest her and take her into custody, she put up enough of a fight to require the officer to call for backup. Alexandra eventually complied with the arrest, but police say that while she was being booked she "made several statements to the arresting officer" that her dad Alan Jackson "would do anything" she wanted him to do.   Police then warned Alexandra about making or attempting to bribe an officer. She's next due in court on September 23.   As of now, Alan Jackson's reps have no comment.   CNN's Jane Caffrey contributed to this report.   
Brian O'Nolan (; 5 October 1911 – 1 April 1966) was an Irish novelist, playwright and satirist, considered a major figure in twentieth century Irish literature. Born in Strabane, County Tyrone, he is regarded as a key figure in postmodern literature. His English language novels, such as "At Swim-Two-Birds", and "The Third Policeman", were written under the "pen name" Flann O'Brien. His many satirical columns in "The Irish Times" and an Irish language novel "An Béal Bocht" were written under the name Myles na gCopaleen.   O'Nolan's novels have attracted a wide following for their bizarre humour and modernist metafiction. As a novelist, O'Nolan was influenced by James Joyce. He was nonetheless sceptical of the cult of Joyce which overshadows much of Irish writing, saying "I declare to God if I hear that name Joyce one more time I will surely froth at the gob."   O'Nolan attended Blackrock College where he was taught English by President of the College, and future Cardinal, John Charles McQuaid.   According to Farragher and Wyer:   Dr McQuaid himself was recognised as an outstanding English teacher, and when one of his students, Brian O’Nolan, alias Myles na gCopaleen, boasted in his absence to the rest of the class that there were only two people in the College who could write English properly namely, Dr McQuaid and himself, they had no hesitation in agreeing. And Dr McQuaid did Myles the honour of publishing a little verse by him in the first issue of the revived College Annual (1930) – this being Myles’ first published item.
When Tessa Thompson was a little girl, she carefully cut out clothes to dress her paper dolls, but her real dream was to own an American Girl doll. Those characters with custom wardrobes and historical pedigrees are still coveted by kids all over.   Thompson never got her longed-for toy, but she got a better gift: These days the 29-year-old actress gets to go to work each day and dress like a living doll on the set of the TV period drama "Copper." Corsets, shawls, veils, a sweeping evening gown, vintage 1865, are her reality.   She plays Sara Freeman, wife of Dr. Matthew Freeman (Ato Essandoh), who partners up with Detective Kevin Corcoran (Tom Weston-Jones) in using early forensic techniques to solve crimes in New York City.   On the set, where the slums of Five Points and the developing African-American community of Carmansville meet the brownstones of tony Fifth Avenue, Civil War-era New York comes alive. The BBC America show returns for its second season on Sunday.   Bringing 19th century New York to life on "Copper"   The historical costumes allow the actors to embody their characters, from how they work, move and breathe in the garments to the choices in design and color their fictional counterparts might make.   "It really isn't until you put on the corset and lace up your boots that you can look in the mirror and see staring back at you what you hope to project," Thompson said.   Head costumer Delphine White, who has been designing for 41 years, and her talented team collaborate with the actors to create hundreds of outfits and accessories suitable for the diverse cast. 
Is getting a black belt on your life's to-do list? Then this elderly woman in San Francisco just might be your hero. Just two years before her 100th birthday, Sensei Keiko Fukuda has become the first woman to achieve a tenth-degree black belt --- the highest rank in Judo . Fukuda is now one of only four living people who have earned the tenth-degree black belt. Throughout history, only 16 people have ever achieved this honor. Fukuda began practicing Judo in 1935 and is the only surviving student of its founder, Kano Jiguro. At her teacher's requirement, she learned English to help spread Judo internationally. During a time when getting married, building a family and becoming a housewife were the norms ,Fukuda broke from tradition, continuing Judo instead of getting married. "All I did was Judo ... This was my marriage," Fukuda replied tearfully to the San Francisco Chronicle. "This is when my destiny was set. I just imagined how long the road would be." She described the Jiguro's school as "old-fashioned and sexist about belts and ranks". In fact, an edict that prevented women from achieving any higher than a fifth-degree black belt kept Fukuda at that level for 30 years. She finally got the sixth degree in 1972 when a women's division was created. Fukuda thinks Judo and her life to be "gentle, kind and beautiful, yet firm and strong, both mentally and physically". Fukuda says this kind of beauty is not external . She explained. "I believe this inner beauty is true beauty... All my life this has been my dream." Her dream was turned into reality, and the 98-year-old Sensei Keiko Fukuda continues to teach Judo three times a week at a women's Judo training center.
Beijing Opera is also called Peking Opera.. It came into being after 1790 when the famous four Anhui opera troupe came to Beijing. Its music and singing came from Xipi and Er-huang in Anhui and Hubei. Its costtumes are all fascinating and artistic.It is the highest expression of the Chinese culture. It's full of famous stories , beautiful facial paintings, and wonderful gestures and fighting. This kind of opera is very popular with Chinese people. There are four main roles in Beijing Opera: Sheng ,Dan, Jing and Chou. Sheng is the leading male actor. For example , a Wusheng is a soldier or fighter .A Xiaosheng is a young man . A Laosheng is the comedy actor or clown.Dan is the female role . Jing,mostly male , is the face-painted role and Chou is the comedy actor or clown. Stories in Beijing Opera are very intetesting . Some of them are from the history book ,but most of them are from the literature , especially famous novels . The people in the story usually have some disagreements. They become angry and uhappy . They are sad and lonely . Sometimes they are nervous and worried. Then they find a way to make peace . The stories usually end with happiness and lunghter and people are all happy in the end.
Public policy and political leadership helps to "level the playing field" and drive the wider acceptance of renewable energy technologies. Countries such as Germany, Denmark, and Spain have led the way in implementing innovative policies which has driven most of the growth over the past decade. As of 2014, Germany has a commitment to the "Energiewende" transition to a sustainable energy economy, and Denmark has a commitment to 100% renewable energy by 2050. There are now 144 countries with renewable energy policy targets.   Total investment in renewable energy (including small hydro-electric projects) was $244 billion in 2012, down 12% from 2011 mainly due to dramatically lower solar prices and weakened US and EU markets. As a share of total investment in power plants, wind and solar PV grew from 14% in 2000 to over 60% in 2012. The top countries for investment in recent years were China, Germany, Spain, the United States, Italy, and Brazil. Renewable energy companies include BrightSource Energy, First Solar, Gamesa, GE Energy, Goldwind, Sinovel, Trina Solar, Vestas and Yingli.
17-year-old Tibetan boy climbs 40 meters up a tall tree only to get some honey as an ingredient for a traditional local drink. The money he makes from selling the honey will be used to pay for his younger brother's tuition fee . This is only a scene from the first episode of CCTV's new documentary, A Bite of China 2(2), which appeared on April 18, 2014. But they are enough reasons for viewers to spend an hour every Friday until June 6 enjoying in front of their television sets. Viewers have had to wait a long time since A Bite of China 1 came out in 2012. Back then, the seven-episode documentary was considered the best one ever produced by CCTV, with its good effects and rich food culture. A famous foreigner praised it, saying "it's the best TV show I've ever seen about food. I'm sure it's the best one ever made. " The new season includes eight episodes, covering 300 types of food. According to CCTV, every minute of the show was edited out of 150 minutes of footage . Finding their subjects was often the hardest part of the film team's job. It took them six months to film a beekeeping couple , which included a journey of more than 2,000 kilometers. Food is a personal thing, in that no dish suits all tastes. However, the program has still managed to move all sorts of viewers. "Compared with A Bite of China 1, the new season has a more human touch, which makes viewers cover some tears while their mouths are watering," said Sina Entertainment. As always, the people are the most interesting part. A Bite of China 2 shows a greater dream--through homemade food, it tells the joys and _ of common Chinese in changing times, according to director Chen Xiaoqing of the documentary series . "I was moved by the people in each simple story," said Li Weifang, 17, of Beijing No 3 High School. "Their work helps enrich China's food culture. " In fact, that is exactly what the new season hopes to deliver . Through the program, "the listeners will see the characteristics of the Chinese people: save and tenacity ," Chen told Xinhua Internet. ,,. (2,10)
Mary Cassatt was born in Pennsylvania in 1844. When she was seven, her family moved to Europe. They wanted their children to understand European ways and the people who lived there. They travelled a lot and she had visited many countries by the time she was 10 years old. After four years they returned to America.   In those days, women didn't have professions, and there were very few women artists. Her family did not approve when she decided that she would become an artist. She studied first in Philadelphia. She happened to be in Chicago in 1871 when the huge fire broke out there. She lost many of her paintings in that fire.   She went to Paris to study painting. She met Camille Pissarro there. He taught her Impressionism, a method of painting where the artists used small strokes of unmixed color1s to create an image. She once said of Pissarro that " _ " because he was such a good teacher. She spent a lot of time at the Louvre Museum copying paintings of the famous artists.   In 1874, her sister, Lydia, came to live with her in Paris. Lydia was her best friend and posed for many of Mary's paintings. Three years later, her parents came to Paris, also to live with them. Lydia became very ill and died from a disease. Mary missed her very much. Her parents became elderly and she cared for them, but she still found time to paint.   One of the more interesting works of Mary Cassatt is her painting, Portrait of Mrs. Curry, Sketch of Mr. Cassatt. Though she never had children of her own, she loved children and painted portraits of the children of her friends and family. She became known as the painter of mothers and children.   She lost her sight due to cataracts in her eyes in 1914 and was not able to paint during the later years of her life.
Pop music is a genre of popular music that originated in its modern form in the United States and United Kingdom during the mid-1950s. The terms "popular music" and "pop music" are often used interchangeably, although the former describes all music that is popular and includes many styles. "Pop" and "rock" were roughly synonymous terms until the late 1960s, when they became increasingly differentiated from each other.   Although pop music is seen as just the singles charts, it is not the sum of all chart music. Pop music is eclectic, and often borrows elements from other styles such as urban, dance, rock, Latin, and country; nonetheless, there are core elements that define pop music. Identifying factors include generally short to medium-length songs written in a basic format (often the verse-chorus structure), as well as common use of repeated choruses, melodic tunes, and hooks.   David Hatch and Stephen Millward define pop music as "a body of music which is distinguishable from popular, jazz, and folk musics". According to Pete Seeger, pop music is "professional music which draws upon both folk music and fine arts music". Although pop music is seen as just the singles charts, it is not the sum of all chart music. The music charts contain songs from a variety of sources, including classical, jazz, rock, and novelty songs. Pop music, as a genre, is seen as existing and developing separately. Thus "pop music" may be used to describe a distinct genre, designed to appeal to all, often characterized as "instant singles-based music aimed at teenagers" in contrast to rock music as "album-based music for adults".
A pine is any conifer in the genus Pinus, , of the family Pinaceae. "Pinus" is the sole genus in the subfamily Pinoideae. The Plant List compiled by the Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew and Missouri Botanical Garden accepts 126 species names of pines as current, together with 35 unresolved species and many more synonyms.   The modern English name "pine" derives from Latin "pinus", which some have traced to the Indo-European base *pīt- ‘resin’ (source of English pituitary). Before the 19th century, pines were often referred to as firs (from Old Norse "fura", by way of Middle English "firre"). In some European languages, Germanic cognates of the Old Norse name are still in use for pines—in Danish "fyr", in Norwegian "fura/fure/furu", Swedish "fura/furu", Dutch "vuren", and German "Föhre"—but in modern English, "fir" is now restricted to fir ("Abies") and Douglas fir ("Pseudotsuga").   Pines are gymnosperms. The genus is divided into three subgenera, which can be distinguished by cone, seed, and leaf characters:   Most regions of the Northern Hemisphere (see List of pines by region) host some native species of pines. One species (Sumatran pine) crosses the equator in Sumatra to 2°S. In North America, various species occur in regions at latitudes from as far north as 66°N to as far south as 12°N.
Geomatics (including geomatics engineering), also known as surveying engineering or geospatial science (including geospatial engineering and geospatial technology), is the discipline of gathering, storing, processing, and delivering geographic information or spatially referenced information. In other words, it "consists of products, services and tools involved in the collection, integration and management of geographic data".   Michel Paradis, a French-Canadian surveyor, introduced "geomatics" as a new scientific term in an article published in 1981 in "The Canadian Surveyor" and in a keynote address at the centennial congress of the Canadian Institute of Surveying in April 1982. He claimed that at the end of the 20th century the needs for geographical information would reach a scope without precedent in history and in order to address these needs, it was necessary to integrate in a new discipline both the traditional disciplines of land surveying and the new tools and techniques of data capture, manipulation, storage and diffusion.   Geomatics includes the tools and techniques used in land surveying, remote sensing, cartography, geographic information systems (GIS), global-navigation satellite systems (GPS, GLONASS, Galileo, Compass), photogrammetry, geophysics, geography, and related forms of earth mapping. The term was originally used in Canada, because it is similar in origin to both French and English, but has since been adopted by the International Organization for Standardization, the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors, and many other international authorities, although some (especially in the United States) have shown a preference for the term "geospatial technology".
One day Frank was walking with his mother when they came to a pretty garden. Frank looked in, and saw that it had clean gravel walks and beautiful flowers.   He called to his mother and said, "Mum, come and look at this pretty garden. I wish I might open the gate, and walk in."   The gardener heard what Frank said, and kindly invited him and his mother to come into the garden.   Frank's mother thanked the man. Then she said to her son, "Frank, if I take you to walk in this garden, you must take care not to meddle with anything in it."   Frank walked along the tidy gravel walks, and looked at everything, but touched nothing that he saw.   He did not step on any of the borders , and was careful that his clothes should not brush the tops of the flowers so that he might not break them.   The gardener was much pleased with Frank, because he was so careful to behave well. He showed him the seeds, and told him the name of many of the flowers and plants.   While Frank was admiring the beauty of a flower, a little boy came to the gate, and finding it locked. He shook it hard, but it would not open. Then he said, "Let me in. Let me in. Will you not let me in this garden?"   "No," said the gardener, "1 will not let you in, Tom. When I let you in yesterday, you meddled with my flowers, and pulled some of my fruit. I do not choose to let a boy into my garden who meddles with the plants."   Tom looked ashamed, and when he found that the gardener would not let him in, he went slowly away.   Frank saw and felt how much happier a boy may be by not meddling with what does not belong to him.   He and his mother then continued their walk in the garden, and enjoyed the day very much. Before they left, the gardener gave each of them some pretty flowers.
Baronets are a rank in the British aristocracy. The current Baronetage of the United Kingdom has replaced the earlier Baronetages of England, Nova Scotia, Ireland, and Great Britain.   King James I created the hereditary Order of Baronets in England on 22 May 1611, for the settlement of Ireland. He offered the dignity to 200 gentlemen of good birth, with a clear estate of ₤1,000 a year, on condition that each one should pay a sum equivalent to three years' pay to 30 soldiers at 8d per day per man (total – £1,095) into the King's Exchequer.   The Baronetage of England comprises all baronetcies created in the Kingdom of England before the Act of Union in 1707. In that year, the Baronetage of England and the Baronetage of Nova Scotia were replaced by the Baronetage of Great Britain.   The extant baronetcies are listed below in order of precedence (i.e. date). All other baronetcies, including extinct, dormant (D), unproven (U), under review (R) or forfeit, are on a separate list of baronetcies.   The baronetcy lists include any peerage titles which are held by the baronet.   To be recognised as a baronet, it is necessary to prove a claim of succession. When this has been done, the name is entered on The Official Roll. This was ordained by Royal Warrant in February 1910. Those who have not so proven are shown below as unproven or under review or dormant. A baronetcy is considered dormant if, five years after the death of the previous incumbent, no heir has come forward to claim it.
National Public Radio (usually shortened to NPR, stylized as npr) is an American privately and publicly funded non-profit membership media organization that serves as a national syndicator to a network of 900 public radio stations in the United States.   NPR produces and distributes news and cultural programming. Individual public radio stations are not required to broadcast all NPR programs that are produced. Most public radio stations broadcast a mixture of NPR programs, content from rival providers American Public Media, Public Radio International, Public Radio Exchange and WNYC Studios and locally produced programs. NPR's flagships are two drive time news broadcasts, "Morning Edition" and the afternoon "All Things Considered"; both are carried by most NPR member stations, and are two of the most popular radio programs in the country.   NPR manages the Public Radio Satellite System, which distributes NPR programs and other programming from independent producers and networks such as American Public Media and Public Radio International. Its content is also available on-demand via the web, mobile, and podcasts.   The organization's legal name is "National Public Radio" and its trademarked brand is "NPR"; it is known by both names. In June 2010, the organization announced that it was "making a conscious effort to consistently refer to ourselves as NPR on-air and online" because NPR is the common name for the organization and the tag line "This ... is NPR" has been used by its radio hosts for many years. However, "National Public Radio" remains the legal name of the group, as it has been for more than 45 years.
A couple who held hands at breakfast every morning even after 70 years of marriage have died 15 hours apart. Helen Felumlee, died at 92 on April 12. Her husband, 91-year-old Kenneth Felumlee, died the next morning.   The couple's eight children say the two had been inseparable since meeting as teenagers, once sharing the bottom of a bunk bed on a ferry rather than sleeping on night apart.   They remained deeply in love until the very end, even eating breakfast together while holding hands, said their daughter, Linda Cody. "We knew when one went, the other was going to go," she said. According to Cody, about 12 hours after Helen died, Kenneth looked at his children and said, "Mon's dead." He quickly began to fade, surrounded by 24 of his closest family members and friends when he died the next morning. "He was ready," Cody said, "He just didn't want to leave her here by herself."   Son Dick said his parents died of old age, surrounded by family.   The pair had known each other for several years when they eloped in Newport across the Ohio River from Cincinnati, on Feb. 20, 1994. At two days shy of his 21stbirthday, Kenneth-who went by Kenny-was too young to marry in Ohio. "He couldn't wait.' son Jim said.   Kenneth worked as a railroad car inspector and mechanic before becoming a mail carrier for the Post Office. He was active in the church as a Sunday teacher.   Helen stayed at home, not only cooking and cleaning for her own family but also for other families in need in the area. She taught Sunday school, too, but was known more for her greeting card ministry, sending cards for birthdays, sympathy and the holidays to everyone in her community, each with a personal note inside. "She kept Hallmark in business," daughter-in-law Debbie joked.   When Kenneth retired in 1983 and the children began to leave the house, the Felumlees began to explore their love of travel, visiting almost all 50 states by bus. "He didn't want to fly anywhere because you couldn't see anything as you were going," Jim said.   Although both experienced declining health in recent years, Cody said, each tried to stay strong for the other. "That's what kept them going," she said.
The week started with all focus on golf's latest child prodigy, but it has ended with a former wonder kid finally fulfilling her great promise.   Michelle Wie claimed her first major title Sunday, winning the U.S. Women's Open at her 11th attempt.   Now 24, she triumphed by two shots from fellow American, Stacy Lewis, holding her nerve as the world No. 1 made a final-round charge.   "Oh my God, I can't believe this is happening," an ecstatic Wie was quoted as saying by the PGA website in the aftermath of her victory.   "Obviously, there are moments of doubt in there," she continued, referring to the prospect that she might never win a major."(But) I had so many people surrounding me. They never lost faith in me. That's pushed me forward."   This mental fortitude was on display as Wie overcame a double-bogey at the 16th hole, bouncing back with a birdie at the next and closing with a par to sign for a level 70.   Lewis also dropped a shot at 16, but finished with two birdies to card a four-under-par 66 that left her level for the tournament.   She finished one ahead of Northern Ireland's 22-year-old Stephanie Meadow, who birdied her last hole to take third place in her professional debut ahead of South Korea's Amy Yang.   Most of the talk at the start of the tournament, which was played at Pinehurst -- also host of the men's equivalent the previous week -- was on 11-year-old Lucy Li.   The American was the youngest qualifier to start the event, but missed the halfway cut after carding two rounds of 78, though she impressed many with her mature attitude. 
"It's this time of year when the weather starts warming up and frogs start breeding - but they haven't been breeding," says John Wilkinson, research and monitoring officer at the Amphibian and Reptile Conservation Trust (ARC).   Amphibians are just one of the groups of animals that nature observers fear may have problems reproducing this year, as groundwater levels are even lower now than in the infamously dry summer of 1976, according to the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs (Defra). According to the UK's Centre for Hydrology and Ecology the average rainfall so far this winter has been the lowest since 1972.   "If ponds dry up totally," says Mr. Wilkinson, "you could have lots of dead tadpoles." Drier and windier conditions could also make it more difficult for juvenile amphibians to survive their journeys between wet habitats.   But Peter Brotherton, the biodiversity manager for Natural England, says that "drought is part of nature's cycle", and, at present, a lot of animals, plants and insects are still in hibernation. This means that the population picture is unclear. "However, when we get extreme events, we get animals dying," he says. "And what is worrying is that normally at this time of year we expect soil to be near saturation after winter."   Charlie Kitchin, the RSPB's site manager of the Nene Washes in Cambridgeshire, says the 2,000-acre wetland and grassland area is now struggling following two winters with relatively little winter rain and no flooding. One species that could suffer, he says, is the black-tailed godwit . "There are only 50 breeding pairs in the country, and we have 40 of them, and everything is bone-dry," Mr Kitchin says.   But one bad nesting season, he says, is "not the end of the world". "One of the features of flood plains is that they're _ anyway," he adds. "But if they fail to breed another year, the population is likely to dip again."
Edmund Halley was an English scientist who lived over 200 years ago. He studied the observations of comets which other scientists had made. The orbit of one particular comet was a very difficult mathematical problem. He could not figure it out. Neither could other scientists who dealt with such problems.   However, Halley had a friend named Isaac Newton, who was a brilliant mathematician. Newton thought he had already worked out that problem, but he could not find the papers on which he had done it. He told Halley that the orbit of a comet had the shape of an ellipse .   Now Halley set to work. He figured out(,)the orbits of some of the comets that had been observed by scientists. He made a surprising discovery. The comets that had appeared in the years 1531, 1607, and 1682 all had the same orbit. Yet their appearance had been 75 to 76 years apart.   This seemed very strange to Halley. Three different comets followed the same orbit. The more Halley thought about it, the more he thought that there had not been three different comets as people thought. He decided that they had simply seen the same comet three times. The comet had gone away and had come back again.   It was an astonishing idea! Halley felt certain to make a prediction of what would happen in the future. He decided that this would appear in the year 1758. There were 53 years to go before Halley's prediction could be tested. In 1758 the comet appeared in the sky. Halley did not see it, for he had died some years before. Ever since then that comet had been called Halley's comet, in his honor.
On Friday morning, Wojdan Shaherkani will set a new Olympic record. By participating in the first round of the Olympic judo competition she will become the first Saudi woman to take part in any Olympic Games.   Qatar and Brunei are also allowing female athletes to compete at the Olympics for the first time, making these Games a landmark for Arab women. Celebrating female athletes from the Arab world, a photo exhibition called "Hey-Ya (Let's Go!): Arab Women in Sport," has opened in London.   Brigitte Lacombe took all the photographs in the exhibition. "It's not a star-driven project," she told CNN's Zain Verjee. "It is our chance to see another face of the Arab Women -- more modern and more engaged."   Lacombe said she was astonished by the determination and the joy of all the young athletes who wanted to participate in the project. "They understood how important it was," she said.   Commissioned by the Qatar Museums Authority, the photos show athletes from many countries and feature Olympic competitors and non-Olympians alike. Lacombe says she hopes her portraits will inspire other young girls, who might become sports stars one day.   "With the inclusion of the two athletes from Saudi Arabia in London, I think it's about to turn the corner for women too," Lacombe said. "A really important corner."   The exhibition is showing at Sotheby's, London, until August 11.   
Once upon a time there was a little boy who had a rock. The rock was his favorite toy. He would throw his rock at trees, or roll his rock down hills. Sometimes he would stand at the river shore, dropping his rock in the water. He thought it was great fun to listen to the rock splash.   One day, the little boy met a brown cow. "Moo!" said the cow.   "Hello," said the boy. "Would you like to see my rock?"   The boy held out his rock for the cow to see. The cow looked at it. Then it picked it up in its mouth.   "Moo," said the cow.   "Hey," the boy said. "Give me back my rock!"   The boy tried to pull open the cow's mouth. Then he tried sticking his fingers in the cow's nose, so it would open its mouth to breathe. Then he tried tickling the cow, but it wouldn't open its mouth.   "Moo," it said. Then it swallowed the rock, and the little boy went home and cried.
Andy loved the first grade. He loved his teacher,Mrs.Parks. He loved playing games on the playground. He loved learning about dinosaurs and the solar system .   Every morning Andy's mother dropped him off in front of his school on South Street. One foggy morning,the traffic was so bad on South Street that she decided to drop him off behind the school. Andy walked for about ten minutes and got to the gate. He held the icy handle,but it didn't move!Using both hands,he tried his hardest and finally the gate opened.   After Andy closed the gate behind him,he looked in the direction of the teaching building. But all he could see was fog. He got to the spot where the slide had always been,but it was not there."The slide is gone!" he cried. He walked a little more to look for the swings,but they were not where they had always been."The swings are gone!" he cried again.   Andy kept walking. He was so anxious to see the school that he fell and landed on the ground. He still couldn't see the school. A terrible thought appeared in his head."The school is gone!" he cried sadly. No more games with Jennie,Angel and Dillon,he thought. No more reading about dinosaurs. No more watching videos on the solar system...   Suddenly the boy saw something up ahead."It's Jennie!"he shouted. Then he saw the outline of a school building. His school was still there!He was full of excitement!   "Hi,Jennie!" he stood up and caught up with the girl."I couldn't see the school. I thought it was gone." Jennie just laughed."You're so silly." "What happened to the slide and the swings?" Andy asked.   "We will have new playground equipment today," Jennie answered."The old equipment was taken away last night. Don't you remember Mrs. Parks telling us about it yesterday?" "I guess I forgot," Andy said,smiling."Anyway,I'm glad the school is here."
The original Latin word "universitas" refers in general to "a number of persons associated into one body, a society, company, community, guild, corporation, etc." At the time of the emergence of urban town life and medieval guilds, specialised "associations of students and teachers with collective legal rights usually guaranteed by charters issued by princes, prelates, or the towns in which they were located" came to be denominated by this general term. Like other guilds, they were self-regulating and determined the qualifications of their members.   An important idea in the definition of a university is the notion of academic freedom. The first documentary evidence of this comes from early in the life of the first university. The University of Bologna adopted an academic charter, the Constitutio Habita, in 1158 or 1155, which guaranteed the right of a traveling scholar to unhindered passage in the interests of education. Today this is claimed as the origin of "academic freedom". This is now widely recognised internationally - on 18 September 1988, 430 university rectors signed the Magna Charta Universitatum, marking the 900th anniversary of Bologna's foundation. The number of universities signing the Magna Charta Universitatum continues to grow, drawing from all parts of the world.
Edmund Halley was an English scientist who lived over 200years ago. He studied the observations of comets which other scientists had made. The orbit of one particular comet was a very difficult mathematical problem. He could not figure it out. Neither could other scientists who dealt with such problems.   However, Halley had a friend named Isaac Newton. Who was a brilliant mathematician. Newton thought he had already which he had done it. He told Halley that the orbit of a comet had the shape of an ellipse.   Now Halley set to work. He figured out the orbits of some of the comets that had been observed by scientist. He made a surprising discovery. The comets that had appeared in the years 1531, 1607 and 1682 all had the same orbit. Yet their appearances had been 75 to 76 years apart.   This seemed very strange to Halley. Three different comets followed the same orbit. The more Halley thought about it, the more he thought that there had not been three different comets, as people thought. He decided that they had simply seen the same comet three times. The comet had gone away and had come back again.   It was an astonishing idea! Halley felt certain enough to make a prediction of what would happen in the future. He decided that this comet would appear in the year 1758. There were 53 years to go before Halley's prediction could be tested.   In 1758 the comet appeared in the sky. Halley did not see it, for he had died some years before. Ever since then that comet been called Halley's comet, in his honor.
Art Nouveau (, Anglicised to ) is an international style of art, architecture and applied art, especially the decorative arts, that was most popular between 1890 and 1910. A reaction to the academic art of the 19th century, it was inspired by natural forms and structures, particularly the curved lines of plants and flowers.   English uses the French name Art Nouveau (new art). The style is related to, but not identical with, styles that emerged in many countries in Europe at about the same time: in Austria it is known as "Secessionsstil" after "Wiener Secession"; in Spanish "Modernismo"; in Catalan "Modernisme"; in Czech "Secese"; in Danish "Skønvirke" or "Jugendstil"; in German "Jugendstil", Art Nouveau or "Reformstil"; in Hungarian "Szecesszió"; in Italian Art Nouveau, "Stile Liberty" or "Stile floreale"; in Norwegian "Jugendstil"; in Polish "Secesja"; in Slovak "Secesia"; in Russian "Модерн" (Modern); and in Swedish "Jugend".   Art Nouveau is a total art style: It embraces a wide range of fine and decorative arts, including architecture, painting, graphic art, interior design, jewelry, furniture, textiles, ceramics, glass art, and metal work.   By 1910, Art Nouveau was already out of style. It was replaced as the dominant European architectural and decorative style first by Art Deco and then by Modernism.
They share the same surname -- Djokovic -- but for now at least, that is where the similarity ends.   Novak is at the pinnacle of his sport and was the center of attention in Dubai after completing in his first victory since winning the Australian Open in January.   At 20, Marko is four years younger, and 868 places further down the rankings -- and on Monday he slumped to an opening-round defeat in front of his elder sibling.   Djokovic senior was on hand to watch his brother's elimination, at the hands of Russian qualifier Andrey Golubev, but says that Marko can make his mark in the upper echelons of the game.   Del Potro too strong for Llodra in Marseille final   "He has to face the pressure of having the Djokovic surname," Novak said in quotes carried by AFP.   "He's trying to fight with his mind more than with his game. When he is able to focus on that and not on his doubts he can become a world-class player."   He admitted it was tough to watch Marko's 6-3 6-2 reverse. "It was difficult for me to sit courtside," he said. "I have not done it too much.   "At least when I'm playing I know what's going on. But I was happy my brother got a wild card. He is not at his level yet, but he's getting there."   As for Marko, he said there were plenty of positives and negatives to being the brother of the world's No. 1 player. 
(CNN)The Mormon church has excommunicated a popular podcaster, saying his public dissents from the religion's core beliefs have led others away from the church.   John Dehlin, founder of the podcast "Mormon Stories," describes himself as an "unorthodox" Mormon whose church roots reach back five generations. Under Tuesday's penalty, however, Dehlin may not participate in church sacraments for at least one year. He has the right to appeal the decision.   Dehlin is the second Mormon to be excommunicated in the past year, following Kate Kelly, who was kicked out last June for pushing the church to admit women to its all-male priesthood.   Tuesday's excommunication was announced in a letter to Dehlin from Brian King, the stake president, or local church leader, in North Logan, Utah.   King said that Dehlin was not excommunicated for criticizing the church, which he has openly admitted to, but for denying core Mormon doctrines. The church has concluded that Dehlin's views on the following amount to apostasy:   -- Questioning the nature of God and divinity of Christ;   -- Calling the Book of Mormon and Book of Abraham, two central texts, fraudulent;   -- Teaching that the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, the Mormon church's official name, is not the "true church with power and authority from God."   "You have spread these teachings widely via the Internet to hundreds of people in the past and have shared with me, in previous correspondence, that you will continue to do so," King wrote to Dehlin in a letter dated February 9. 
Two classic car collectors from the US state of Idaho found the wallet after it fell out of the back of a vintage car they were planning to restore. After an Internet search they found and contacted the owner, Glenn Goodlove. Mr. Goodlove said he probably lost the wallet in the back seat of his 1946 prefix = st1 /Hudsoncar while kissing a girl when he was home on leave from the US Navy. Jon Beck, 61, and Chuck Merrill, 72, bought the now-vintage vehicle in Idahoafter placing an ad in a local newspaper to buy a classic car in need of restoration. Driving the car home after buying it, the collectors stopped at a restaurant and saw something from below the back seat. "Like a couple of kids, we thought we had a goldmine," Mr. Beck said. Instead, they found some small change -- the leather wallet held a $10 bill, Mr. Goodlove's military ID, his social security card, his driver's license and several jewellery receipts from 1952. But they were all in the name of Glenn Putnam. After searching online, Mr. Beck discovered that Mr. Putnam had since changed his name to Glenn Goodlove and moved to San Diego,California. He called Mr. Goodlove, asking to speak to a man who used to drive a '46Hudson. "There was a silence for about 15 seconds," Mr. Beck told the Twin Falls Times-News. "Then he said, 'Who is that?'" Mr. Goodlove, now 75, says he did not even remember losing the wallet, but the find has brought memories of his youth inEverett,Washington, flooding back. "I could see the house and the car and the town and all the good stuff from living there," he said. "They've been flowing ever since he talked to me."
The New Zealand Herald is a daily newspaper published in Auckland, New Zealand, owned by New Zealand Media and Entertainment. It has the largest newspaper circulation of all newspapers in New Zealand, peaking at over 200,000 copies in 2006, although circulation of the daily "Herald" had declined to 144,157 copies on average by December 2014. Its main circulation area is the Auckland region. It is also delivered to much of the north of the North Island including Northland, Waikato and King Country.   "The New Zealand Herald" was founded by William Chisholm Wilson, and first published on 13 November 1863. Wilson had been a partner with John Williamson in the "New Zealander", but left to start a rival daily newspaper as he saw a business opportunity with Auckland’s rapidly growing population. He had also split with Williamson because Wilson supported the war against the Māori (which the "Herald" termed "the native rebellion") while Williamson opposed it. The "Herald" also promoted a more constructive relationship between the North and South Islands.   After the "New Zealander" closed in 1866 "The Daily Southern Cross" provided competition, particularly after Julius Vogel took a majority shareholding in 1868. "The Daily Southern Cross" was first published in 1843 by William Brown as "The Southern Cross" and had been a daily since 1862. Vogel sold out of the paper in 1873 and Alfred Horton bought it in 1876.
Sarah is a girl. Sarah has one brother. Sarah's brother's name is Timothy. Sarah has one sister. Sarah's sister's name is Annabelle. Their last name is MacGregor. One day Sarah went to the park with her brother Timothy. They swung on the swings for a short time. Then Annabelle came out and swung with them. They all sang some nice songs together. They all became very happy. Then Timothy's friend came. Timothy liked his friend very much. Timothy went off the swing and went away with his friend. Then Annabelle and Sarah felt very very sad. Happily then Annabelle and Sarah's friend came. Their friend's name was Kate Smith. She was the same age as Sarah. They wanted to go to the slide together. So they went to the slide and played for a long time. Then Annabelle became happy. And Sarah also became happy. Then they went home together and had some food.
An alleged new case of waterboarding emerged in a massive report Thursday detailing brutal CIA interrogations of Libyan detainees last decade before they were handed over to Moammar Gadhafi's regime.   Mohammed al-Shoroeiya "provided detailed and credible testimony that he was waterboarded on repeated occasions during U.S. interrogations in Afghanistan," Human Rights Watch said in a 200-plus page report.   The allegations directly challenge long-standing claims by President George W. Bush and his administration that only three terror suspects, none of whom were Libyan, were waterboarded during interrogations.   Human rights groups consider waterboarding -- in which a prisoner is restrained and water poured over his mouth and nose to produce the sensation of drowning -- a form of torture.   "While never using the phrase 'waterboarding,' he said that after his captors put a hood over his head and strapped him onto a wooden board, 'then they start with the water pouring. ... They start to pour water to the point where you feel like you are suffocating.' He added that 'they wouldn't stop until they got some kind of answer from me,'" the report said.   Laura Pitter, a counterterrorism adviser for Human Rights Watch and the author of the report, said abuses occurred in U.S.-run facilities in Afghanistan between April 2003 and April 2005. She said waterboarding occurred in 2003 but it is not clear if it occurred afterward.   The rights group's accusations come a week after the U.S. Justice Department closed a criminal investigation without charges into the deaths of two terror suspects in CIA custody. 
Mark and his brother Jason both were looking at the shining new computer enviously. Jason was determined not to go against their father's wishes but Mark was more adventurous than his brother. He loved experimenting and his aim was to become a scientist like his father.   "Dad will be really mad if he finds out you've been playing with his new computer." Jason said, "He told us not to touch it."   "He won't find out." Mark said, "I'll just have a quick look and shut it down."   Mark had been scolded before for touching his father's equipment. But his curiosity was difficult to control and this new computer really puzzled him.   It was a strange-looking machine -one his dad had brought home from the laboratory where he worked. "It's an experimental model," his father had explained, "so don't touch it under any circumstances." But his warning only served to make Mark more curious. Without any further thought, Mark turned on the power switch. The computer burst into life and seconds later, the screen turned into color1s, shifting and changing and then two big white words appeared in the center of the screen: "SPACE TRANSPORTER."   "Yes!" Mark cried excitedly, "It's a computer game. I knew it! Dad's only been pretending to work. He's really been playing games instead." A new message appeared on the screen:   ENTER NAMES   VOYAGER 1: ... VOYAGER 2: ...   Mark's fingers flew across the keyboard as he typed in both of their names.   INPUT ACCEPTED. START TRANSPORT PROGRAM. AUTO-RETRIEVE INITIATED   The screen turned even brighter and a noise suddenly rose in volume.   "I think we'd better shut it off, Mark," Jason yelled, reaching for the power switch. He was really frightened.   But his hand never reached the switch. A single beam of dazzling white light burst out of the computer screen, wrapping the boys in its glow , until they themselves seemed to be glowing. Then it died down just as suddenly as it had burst into life. And the boys were no longer there. On the screen, the letters changed.   TRANSPORT SUCCESSFUL. DESTINATION: MARS. RETRIEVE DATE: 2025.
Nick Heidfeld has left his role as reserve driver at Mercedes to become a tester for Pirelli ahead of the Italian company's return to Formula One as the sport's sole tire supplier next year.   The 33-year-old German had driven in F1 for a decade but was left without a seat when BMW ended its association with the Sauber team at the end of last season.   He was given a lifeline when Mercedes took over the world champion Brawn GP team this year, becoming back-up to returning seven-time world champion Michael Schumacher and Nico Rosberg.   "I would like to thank Ross Brawn, Norbert Haug and Nick Fry for allowing me the opportunity to become Pirelli's official test driver," Heidfeld told F1's official website.   "The team has always said that they would not stand in my way if such a chance arose, and they have kindly allowed me to take up this exciting new role."   Mercedes team principal Ross Brawn said: "Nick is an extremely experienced driver and we are confident that his racing knowledge and technical feedback will prove extremely useful to Pirelli and therefore of benefit to the sport as a whole."   Mercedes-Benz Motorsport vice-president Haug said the move might help Heidfeld find a drive for 2011.   "It would be great to see Nick in a competitive car in next year's world championship and I am sure his leading role in the new tire development, in addition to his skills, puts him in a good position for the remaining seats in 2011," Haug said. 
When White House press secretary Josh Earnest said this week that President Barack Obama had "substantially improved the tranquillity of the global community," many observers reacted with disbelief.   When the President refused to go to the U.S.-Mexico border last week to see the crisis of young people flooding into the United States because "he's not interested in photo ops," lesser mortals noted he had played pool with Colorado Gov. John Hickenlooper, dropped by a brewery to have a beer and shook hands with a man wearing a horse-head mask.   When he went to Delaware on Thursday and opened with a few sentences about the shooting down of a Malaysian airliner in Ukraine before joking about Joe Biden and going back to his prepared text on infrastructure, many thought he had failed to take seriously an international disaster. They were even less impressed when he had lunch at the Charcoal Pit and ordered burgers and fries (not a photo op, of course). It was not until 24 hours later that he took to the podium to promise an aggressive investigation.   With the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria causing the collapse of Iraq and continued violence in Syria, the Syrian dictatorship consolidating its power, the Iranians failing to take steps to end their nuclear weapons program and Hamas firing more than 1,000 rockets at Israel, the President and his team have moved decisively to brief The New York Times on his passion for late-night intellectual dinners exploring physics, architecture and questions far more profound than the fate of the Middle East. 
(CNN)A Georgia police chief who said he accidentally shot and seriously injured his wife while the couple were sleeping in bed has resigned, the Peachtree City Police Department said Wednesday.   William McCollom stepped down as chief of police in Peachtree City nearly a week after a prosecutor announced that although the New Year's Day shooting appeared accidental, McCollom could eventually face a misdemeanor charge accusing him of recklessly taking a gun to bed after drinking alcohol and taking sleeping medication.   The shooting in Peachtree City, an upscale community of 35,000 people south of Atlanta, left Margaret McCollom paralyzed below the waist.   "I have had had two families in Peachtree City -- my police family and my personal family. In light of the recent tragedy in my personal family, I need to continue to focus my time and efforts there," William McCollom said in a message posted Wednesday on the police department's Facebook page.   Medics and police rushed to the McColloms' home early on January 1 after the chief called 911 to say he accidentally shot his wife as both were sleeping -- by inadvertently moving a gun that he had taken to bed with him.   "The gun was in the bed, I went to move it, put it to the side, and it went off," McCollom says in a recording of the 911 call.   Later in the call, the operator asked McCollom, "Were you asleep also when this happened?"   "Yes," the chief, 57 at the time, replied.   Last week, Scott Ballard, district attorney for a several-county area that includes Peachtree City, said a Georgia Bureau of Investigation probe found the following: 
Why Are Pig Farmers Still Using Growth-Promoting Drugs?   It's one of the most controversial practices in agriculture: feeding small amounts of antibiotics to animals in order to make them grow faster. But what if the drugs don't even work very well? There's some good evidence that they don't, at least in pigs. They used to deliver a boost in growth, but that effect has disappeared in recent years or declined greatly. The reason for this is interesting and even paradoxical. Researchers think the antibiotics used to work by suppressing low-grade infections. In recent years, however, pork producers found other ways to accomplish the same thing through improved hygiene . As a result, the drugs have become largely superfluous -- yet many farmers still use them.   To understand how this happened, you have to step back in time, says Steve Dritz, a specialist in pig nutrition at Kansas State University. Sixty years ago, when antibiotics were new, "people started treating animals, and feeding [the antibiotics], and finding that they had increased growth rates and feed efficiencies," he says. Nursery-age pigs, for instance, grew 12 to 15 percent faster with antibiotics. The animals also needed less feed to reach full weight. Other studies showed similar results in chickens and cattle. In the 1980s, a new set of studies found similar effects. So the growth-promoting effects of antibiotics became standard practice among meat producers.   Fast forward to the 1990s. Dritz was starting his career as a scientist at Kansas State University, and pork production was changing dramatically.   Previously, pigs were born and raised in one barn or in several barns close together. This meant infections could easily pass from one generation to the next, the way that kids share germs between their friends on the playground and their parents at home. Under the new system, when piglets are weaned, they move to a whole different place. That new site is carefully scrubbed and free of disease.   Craig Rowles, who runs a large swine operation in Carroll, Iowa, shows me one such room. There's not a piglet in sight. "This room just got completely washed and disinfected, and now it's going to sit here and dry for a while," he says.   A whole group of pigs will come in here together, and later they will move out together to yet another site. "That group of pigs will stay together until they go to market," Rowles says.   The groups are kept strictly separated from each other. If workers move between the groups, they first have to change their boots.   When farmers adopted multisite production, it cut down on disease -- and pigs actually grew faster.
In two days, I will be turning 30. And I was not looking forward to a new decade . I was afraid that the best years of my life were behind me. One day, I met with my friend Nicholas. He was a 79-year-old man. He noticed something was different about me and asked if anything was wrong. I told him what I was anxious about and asked him: "What was the best time of your life?" Without hesitation, Nicholas replied: "Well, Joe, when I was a child in Austria and everything was taken care of for me, that was the best time of my life." "When I was going to school and learning the things I know today, that was the best time of my life." "When I got my first job and got paid for my work, that was the best time of my life." "When I met my wife and fell in love, that was the best time of my life." "World War IIcame, and my wife and I had to leave Austria to save our lives. When we were together and safe on a ship, that was the best time of my life." "When I became a young father and watched my children grow up, that was the best time of my life." "And now, Joe, I am 79 years old. I have my health, I feel good and I am just as in love with my wife as I was the day we met. This is the best time of my life."
Cristiano Ronaldo underlined just why Real Madrid agreed to pay him the big bucks on a scintillating evening of European football.   The 28-year-old, who inked a new five-year deal with the Spanish club on Sunday, completed a brilliant hat trick as Real raced to a 6-1 rout against Galatasaray.   Ronaldo had the final say in Istanbul as he danced past three defenders before blasting the ball into the net for his hat-trick.   Summer signing Isco had got Los Blancos off the mark when he picked up a long ball hit from beyond the halfway line by Angel di Maria and hit home after 33 minutes.   From then on it was one way traffic as Karim Benzema and Ronaldo added two goals apiece before Umut Bulut pulled one back for the Turkish champions.   The away victory saw the nine time European champions kick off a new era of European football under manager Carlo Ancelotti in some style.   A pulsating opening round of Champions League group matches featured a flurry of firsts.   Former Barcelona boss Pep Guardiola safely negotiated his first match in charge of Bayern Munich's title defence with an emphatic 3-0 win over CSKA Moscow.   David Alaba hit home a dipping free kick to set the Germans on their way before Mario Mandzukic powered in a header in a dominant first half.   Arjen Robben volleyed in a scooped pass from Alaba to tick off a first European win for Guardiola and his defending champions.   David Moyes also came through his first game as Manchester United manager unscathed as the club made its first European outing without Sir Alex Ferguson at the helm since 1985. 
The Internet was made for moments like these.   Clint Eastwood and his empty chair didn't so much detract from Mitt Romney's big moment at the last night of the Republican National Convention, as much as they became breakout stars in their own right. Romney and Marco Rubio still had their moments. Clint retained his Hollywood icon status. And two new stars were born, Invisible Obama and Clint's Chair.   Those weren't the only OMG moment during the final night of the RNC.   1. More crying   "Is crying becoming a 'thing' for Republicans?" asked @libgrrrl Thursday night.   We couldn't have said it better ourselves.   One of Eastwood's most tweeted moments was his reference to crying when Obama was elected.   "I just thought this is great. Everybody's crying, Oprah was crying. I was even crying," he said.   U.S. Olympian Mike Eruzione got choked up speaking about carrying the World Trade Center flag during the 2002 Opening Ceremony, but it was Romney talking about single rose his father would leave by his mother's bedside every day that had most eyes welling up, including Romney's.   "Mitt's tearing up talking about his parents! Y'all I can't even deal with all this crying tonight," tweeted @rsethib   And then there were the weepers in the audience, some of whom managed to hold back tears long enough to tweet, like @ShoshanaWeissmann, "Loving this!!!!!! Crying a little and SO inspired!!!!!!"   2. Homocon   CNN reporter Jen Christensen spent time with members of the Log Cabin Republicans who were invited to participate in the convention platform for the first time this year. The LGBT group GOProud threw a Tuesday night party called "Homocon," that included go-go dancers and a velvet rope. However inclusion did not = acceptance. But let's focus on the lighter moments shall we? 
International Futures (IFs) is a global integrated assessment model designed to help in thinking strategically and systematically about key global systems (economic, demographic, education, health, environment, technology, domestic governance, infrastructure, agriculture, energy and environment) housed at the Frederick S. Pardee Center for International Futures. Initially created by Barry B. Hughes of the Josef Korbel School of International Studies at the University of Denver in Colorado, the model is free for public use in both its online and downloadable forms.   The Pardee Center for International Futures has partnered with many organizations to produce forecasts and data analysis. IFs has been utilized in the National Intelligence Council's "Global Trends 2020", "Global Trends 2025", and "Global Trends 2030" report. The International Futures model has also contributed to the United Nations "Human Development Report" and the "Global Environmental Outlook".   IFs is hosted free for public use by Google Public Data Explorer, the Atlantic Council, and the Institute for Security Studies.   The model incorporates dynamically linked sub-models. They include: population, economic, agricultural, educational, energy, socio-political, international political, environmental, health, infrastructure and technology. IFs is a unique modeling tool because it endogenizes the impact of such a wide range of global systems for 183 countries.   The help system that accompanies the software provides an extensive overview of the model structure and computer code used to write the model. IFs has three main functions, all connected to its conceptual treatment of integrated assessment forecasts: data analysis, scenario analysis, and display.
Fantasia Barrino did not deny an alleged relationship with a married man, but a statement from her manager said the singer-actress did not wreck his marriage.   A North Carolina woman, in a child custody case filing, charged that Barrino carried on a year-long affair with her husband, Antwaun Cook, who is the father of her two young children.   Paula Cook alleged her husband and the "American Idol" winner "have at times recorded their illicit sexual activity," although her lawyer stopped short of explaining whether a sex video existed.   The woman is seeking full custody of her sons, 2 and 6, along with child support, alimony, the family home and a car. The suit was filed last week in Mecklenburg County, North Carolina.   "Fantasia is certain that she is not responsible for the deterioration of the Cook's marriage," manager Brian Dickens said in a statement to CNN Monday.   Barrino has said in past interviews that she was friends with a married man, but she has consistently denied there was a sexual relationship.   Photos of Barrino and Cook together, including on a personal watercraft and also walking hand-in-hand, have circulated on the internet for months.   Paula Cook's petition said her husband "frequents bars, restaurants, nightclubs and the like" with Barrino.   She accused her husband of enjoying "the lavish benefits associated with the high-profile relationship."   "Ms. Barrino flew defendant/husband to places such as Atlanta, Miami, New York, Philadelphia, Los Angeles, and Barbados" where he "attended celebrity parties, concerts, photo shoots and award shows with Ms. Barrino." 
Country singer Kevin Sharp, best known for his hit "Nobody Knows," has died from "complications due to cancer," his mother said. He was 43.   Sharp was diagnosed with cancer as a teenager. He was treated, and the disease did not reoccur, but he had problems later in life because of the radiation and chemotherapy he underwent, Elaine Sharp said.   She said her son died Saturday night at her home in Fair Oaks, California.   "He had a good, strong heart," she said. "He's not hurting anymore."   His website added that he died "due to ongoing complications from past stomach surgeries and digestive issues."   Sharp grew up wanting to be a singer. According to a 1998 story from Music City News, Sharp -- who grew up in a large family that included a number of foster children -- was a high school athlete and participated in a Sacramento, California, light-opera company.   It was during his senior year in high school that he was diagnosed with a rare form of bone cancer that had spread to his lungs. The ailment led to Sharp meeting producer and songwriter David Foster through the Make-a-Wish Foundation.   Foster, known for his work with such artists as Celine Dion and Michael Buble, helped support Sharp through years of chemotherapy and a determination to wean himself from painkillers after the cancer went into remission.   In the mid-'90s, after working at an amusement park to make ends meet, Sharp landed a record deal and went to No. 1 on the country charts with "Nobody Knows." He followed that hit with a handful of others, including "She's Sure Taking It Well" and "If You Love Somebody." 
Millie thought she would like to stop eating meat, but she didn't know if she could do it. Once, when she was younger, she had tried to go without eating meat, but before the first day was over, her stomach had felt a little empty. "Hmm," she had thought. "Maybe it's not good for me to stop eating meat. Maybe that's why I feel so hungry."   But, now, she wondered if there was anything she could do so she wouldn't feel so hungry, even if she did stop eating meat.   She went to the library, and there, she saw a magazine. Below the title, the cover said, "Learn to live on vegetables!" She read in the magazine that it was good to change her meal plan slowly. If she really felt hungry for a little meat, the magazine said, it was okay to have some, and then go back to eating her veggies.   She also read that beans could give her body a lot of the same things meat could, but that eating things like rice and noodles would help the beans do a better job of building her body and giving it energy. That way, she would feel better, instead of feeling so hungry!   Millie wasn't sure if it would work this time, but the magazine's tips made her want to give it another try!
A 51-year-old lawyer has moved back in with his mother-after giving up his Los Angeles home to a family of strangers for a year.   Tony Tolbert looked for a family in need after his father set a glowing example when he was growing up by always welcoming people to stay in their spare room. "You don't have to be Bill Gates or Warren Buffet or Oprah," Tolbert told CBS. "We can do it wherever we are, with whatever we have, and for me, I have a home that I can make available. " His mother, Marie Tolbert, added, " He is go giving, and he's always been that way. "   Tolbert went to Alexandria House, a shelter for homeless women and children, and came across Felicia Dukes, who lived in a single bedroom with three of her children. Her family had been separated as the shelter was just for children and her eldest son was unable to join them. Tolbert told the staff he wanted to bring the. family back together, and offered his home.   The family has now moved into the three-bedroom, two-bathroom home - with Duke's oldest son. It is worth nearly $400,000, according to online estimates. "My heart just fills up with appreciation, " Dukes said, as she wiped away her tears.   The heartwarming story comes after the report that l0-year-old Gracie McNulty, from England, served Christmas dinners t0 50 homeless people, achieving her fathers last Christmas wish.   Her father Craig, 38, was a regular charity volunteer who had served breakfast to the homeless on Boxing Day. But as a roofer, he suffered serious head injuries when he fell while working. And 'he died soon after the accident in August.   "It's been the best Christmas ever, " Cracie said. "I was just at school feeling sad and so I decided I wanted to do something to make him proud and this felt like the perfect thing. "
Donald Sterling has agreed to the sale of the Los Angeles Clippers to former Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer, Sterling's attorneys told CNN on Wednesday.   Last week, Sterling's estranged wife, Shelly, agreed to sell the franchise to Ballmer for an NBA record $2 billion. The Sterlings are co-owners of the team through a family trust.   Donald Sterling initially indicated he would fight the sale and filed a lawsuit against the National Basketball Association.   The suit has yet to be withdrawn, attorneys Bobby Samini and Maxwell Blecher, said, but that likely will happen this week.   "Donald Sterling officially announces today, the NBA and Donald Sterling and Shelly Sterling have agreed to sell the Los Angeles Clippers to Steve Ballmer for $2 billion and various additional benefits. All disputes and outstanding issues have been resolved," Samini said in a written statement.   Blecher said he thought that Sterling worked out a resolution with the league or with Shelly Sterling.   The NBA was expected to issue a news release commenting on Wednesday's developments.   As of 8 p.m. ET, the NBA had not received a sale agreement with Donald Sterling's signature, a source with detailed knowledge of the negotiations said. The source said Sterling was in a room with his two attorneys, going through the deal.   NBA owners still have to approve the sale to Ballmer, who has indicated he would keep the team in Los Angeles. Ballmer, according to Forbes magazine, is worth $20.3 billion.   Ballmer has tried to buy a NBA team before. Last year, he and investor Chris Hansen were set to purchase the Sacramento Kings, but the NBA nixed the deal because the duo would have moved the franchise to Seattle. 
The Kingdom of France () was a medieval and early modern monarchy in Western Europe. It was one of the most powerful states in Europe and a great power since the Late Middle Ages and the Hundred Years' War. It was also an early colonial power, with possessions around the world.   France originated as West Francia ("Francia Occidentalis"), the western half of the Carolingian Empire, with the Treaty of Verdun (843). A branch of the Carolingian dynasty continued to rule until 987, when Hugh Capet was elected king and founded the Capetian dynasty. The territory remained known as "Francia" and its ruler as "rex Francorum" ("king of the Franks") well into the High Middle Ages. The first king calling himself "Roi de France" ("King of France") was Philip II, in 1190. France continued to be ruled by the Capetians and their cadet lines—the Valois and Bourbon—until the monarchy was overthrown in 1792 during the French Revolution.   France in the Middle Ages was a de-centralised, feudal monarchy. In Brittany and Catalonia (now a part of Spain) the authority of the French king was barely felt. Lorraine and Provence were states of the Holy Roman Empire and not yet a part of France. Initially, West Frankish kings were elected by the secular and ecclesiastic magnates, but the regular coronation of the eldest son of the reigning king during his father's lifetime established the principle of male primogeniture, which became codified in the Salic law. During the Late Middle Ages, the Kings of England laid claim to the French throne, resulting in a series of conflicts known as the Hundred Years' War (1337–1453). Subsequently, France sought to extend its influence into Italy, but was defeated by Spain in the ensuing Italian Wars (1494–1559).
Cyber language is popular among Chinese netizens, who create English words to reflect novel phenomenon in society.   "Gelivable", combining pinyin of Chinese characters Geili (giving strength) with the English suffix for adjectives, literally means "giving power" or "cool". Similarly, "Hengelivable" means "very cool", and "ungelivable" means "dull, not cool at al". "Antizen" referred to the group of college graduates who, earning a poor salary and living in small rented apartments, are like the tiny and laborious ants.   David Tool, a professor with the Beijing International Studies University said it's very interesting to combine Chinese with English to create new words. "English is no longer mysterious to the Chinese people. They can use the language in a flexible way according to their own experiences," he said. Chinese words and expressions were created, as well, by netizens. One example was "Suan Ni Hen". This three-character expression, which originally meant "you win" with the first character carrying the same pronunciation as garlic in Chinese, is used to satirize high garlic and food prices this winter.   Chinese people use the character "bei" before a verb to show a passive voice, and it is used by netizens to show the helplessness in front of false conclusions and fake media reports. For instance, "zisha" means "suicide" while "beizisha" means "be officially presumed to have committed suicide", and xiaokang means "fairly comfortable life" while "beixiaokang" means "be said to be living a fairly comfortable life".   Wu Zhongmin, a professor at the Party School of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China, saw the phenomenon of word creation as a natural response of young people to social issues. "Cyber language is more vivid and it shortens people's distances," he said.
Gmina Michałowo is an urban-rural gmina (administrative district) in Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, on the border with Belarus. Its seat is the town of Michałowo, which lies approximately east of the regional capital Białystok. (Michałowo gained town status on 1 January 2009 – prior to that the district was classed as a rural gmina.)   The gmina covers an area of , and as of 2006 its total population is 7,263, out of which the population of Michałowo is 3,343.   The gmina contains part of the protected area called Knyszyń Forest Landscape Park.   Apart from the town of Michałowo, the gmina contains the villages and settlements of Bachury, Bagniuki, Barszczewo, Bieńdziuga, Bołtryki, Bondary, Borsukowizna, Brzezina, Budy, Cisówka, Ciwoniuki, Dublany, Garbary, Gonczary, Gorbacze, Hieronimowo, Hoźna, Jałówka, Julianka, Juszkowy Gród, Kalitnik, Kamienny Bród, Kazimierowo, Kituryki, Kobylanka, Kokotowo, Kokotowo-Leśniczówka, Koleśne, Kondratki, Kopce, Kowalowy Gród, Krugły Lasek, Krukowszczyzna, Krynica, Kuchmy-Kuce, Kuchmy-Pietruki, Kuryły, Leonowicze, Lewsze, Maciejkowa Góra, Majdan, Marynka, Michałowo-Kolonia, Mościska, Mostowlany-Kolonia, Nowa Łuplanka, Nowa Wola, Nowe Kuchmy, Nowosady, Odnoga-Kuźmy, Osiedle Bondary, Oziabły, Pieńki, Pieńki-Kolonia, Planty, Pólko, Potoka, Rochental, Romanowo, Rudnia, Rybaki, Sacharki, Sokole, Stanek, Stara Łuplanka, Stare Kuchmy, Supruny, Suszcza, Świnobród, Szymki, Tanica Dolna, Tanica Górna, Tokarowszczyzna, Topolany, Tylwica, Tylwica-Kolonia, Tylwica-Majątek, Wierch-Topolany, Zajma, Zaleszany and Żednia.
Fortran (; formerly FORTRAN, derived from "Formula Translation") is a general-purpose, imperative programming language that is especially suited to numeric computation and scientific computing. Originally developed by IBM in the 1950s for scientific and engineering applications, Fortran came to dominate this area of programming early on and has been in continuous use for over half a century in computationally intensive areas such as numerical weather prediction, finite element analysis, computational fluid dynamics, computational physics, crystallography and computational chemistry. It is a popular language for high-performance computing and is used for programs that benchmark and rank the world's fastest supercomputers.   Fortran encompasses a lineage of versions, each of which evolved to add extensions to the language while usually retaining compatibility with prior versions. Successive versions have added support for structured programming and processing of character-based data (FORTRAN 77), array programming, modular programming and generic programming (Fortran 90), high performance Fortran (Fortran 95), object-oriented programming (Fortran 2003) and concurrent programming (Fortran 2008).   The names of earlier versions of the language through FORTRAN 77 were conventionally spelled in all-capitals (FORTRAN 77 was the last version in which the use of lowercase letters in keywords was strictly non-standard). The capitalization has been dropped in referring to newer versions beginning with Fortran 90. The official language standards now refer to the language as "Fortran" rather than all-caps "FORTRAN".
David Haye claims that Wladimir Klitschko will "freeze like an iceberg" when the heavyweight boxing champions finally meet in Hamburg on July 2, after the date and venue was confirmed on Wednesday.   The British fighter will put his WBA belt on the line against the Ukrainian's IBF/WBO and IBO crowns in a long-awaited unification fight at the 57,000-capacity Imtech Arena.   The German city is the adopted home of the 35-year-old Klitschko and his elder brother Vitali, who Haye also hopes to fight before his planned retirement in October.   "It's great to finally find out the date and venue," Haye said on his website. "I've been training for this fight since the end of 2010 and it's nice to now have a concrete date to work towards.   "Hamburg is an accessible city for a lot of British fans, so I'm expecting a huge turnout for what is undoubtedly the biggest boxing event of the year. We're going to have an army of Brits invading Germany on July 2nd and I can't wait to sample the atmosphere."   Haye mocks 'fat' Solis after farcical Klitschko defeat   The Klitschko camp confirmed that the details had been finalized with a statement on their Facebook page: "Let's get ready to rumble!!! The highly anticipated fight is on."   The showdown between two of boxing's biggest names has been on the cards since Haye stepped up from the cruiserweight division where he was also a champion, but he pulled out of a planned fight with Wladimir in 2009 due to a back injury. 
Somalis (Somali: Soomaali, Arabic: صومال‎) are an ethnic group inhabiting the Horn of Africa (Somali Peninsula). The overwhelming majority of Somalis speak the Somali language, which is part of the Cushitic branch of the Afro-Asiatic family. They are predominantly Sunni Muslim. Ethnic Somalis number around 16-20 million and are principally concentrated in Somalia (around 12.3 million), Ethiopia (4.6 million), Kenya (2.4 million), and Djibouti (464,600), with many also residing in parts of the Middle East, North America and Europe.   Irir Samaale, the oldest common ancestor of several Somali clans, is generally regarded as the source of the ethnonym Somali. The name "Somali" is, in turn, held to be derived from the words soo and maal, which together mean "go and milk" — a reference to the ubiquitous pastoralism of the Somali people. Another plausible etymology proposes that the term Somali is derived from the Arabic for "wealthy" (dhawamaal), again referring to Somali riches in livestock.
Mark McGwire deserves a ban from baseball more than any sympathy.   It is sad to hear his quavery confession of a career filled with steroids, his sorrow over the pain it caused his family and fans, his revelation of a life of lies that burned inside him like a hidden disease and consumed the game he loved.   But for those of us who also love baseball, the damage he did was too deep and his further threat to the integrity of the game is too great to justify his return.   McGwire's entire playing career is indelibly stained and his judgment is not to be trusted. What else are we to make of a man who cheated and didn't come clean for 20 years? Can he be trusted to coach other players who may be using steroids? Is he fit for any job that is also a test of character and personal standards? Baseball should bar him from coaching and never again allow his name on a Hall of Fame ballot.   St. Louis manager Tony La Russa, McGwire's longtime apologist, is leading the charge to rehabilitate him in his new role as the Cardinals' batting coach, saying Monday's admission and expression of regret is worthy of respect.   This from a manager who either closed his eyes to drug use on his teams, didn't know what he should have known, or kept conspiratorially silent about it through all the years with McGwire on the Oakland Athletics (along with Jose Canseco) and on the Cards. 
New Zealand is an island country in the southwestern Pacific Ocean. The country geographically comprises two main landmasses—the North Island (or "Te Ika-a-Māui"), and the South Island (or "Te Waipounamu")—and around 600 smaller islands. New Zealand is situated some east of Australia across the Tasman Sea and roughly south of the Pacific island areas of New Caledonia, Fiji, and Tonga. Because of its remoteness, it was one of the last lands to be settled by humans. During its long period of isolation, New Zealand developed a distinct biodiversity of animal, fungal and plant life. The country's varied topography and its sharp mountain peaks, such as the Southern Alps, owe much to the tectonic uplift of land and volcanic eruptions. New Zealand's capital city is Wellington, while its most populous city is Auckland.   Sometime between 1250 and 1300 CE, Polynesians settled in the islands that later were named New Zealand and developed a distinctive Māori culture. In 1642, Dutch explorer Abel Tasman became the first European to sight New Zealand. In 1840, representatives of Britain and Māori chiefs signed the Treaty of Waitangi, which declared British sovereignty over the islands. In 1841, New Zealand became a colony within the British Empire and in 1907 it became a Dominion. Today, the majority of New Zealand's population of 4.7 million is of European descent; the indigenous Māori are the largest minority, followed by Asians and Pacific Islanders. Reflecting this, New Zealand's culture is mainly derived from Māori and early British settlers, with recent broadening arising from increased immigration. The official languages are English, Māori and New Zealand Sign Language, with English predominant.
How much pocket money do you get from your parents every month? Maybe 200 yuan? But for Li Beibei, 30 yuan each month is enough. The only thing she buys is lunch--1.5 yuan each day. "Meat is too expensive for me," said Li. Li, 14, is a Junior 1 student at Beijing's Xingzhi Experimental School. Her parents are migrant workers . They came to Beijing from a village in Luohe, He'nan two years ago. Her father now works as a cleaner and gets 500 yuan every month. Her mother has no job. Li Beibei has 460 friends at Xingzhi. Every day, Li gets up at 5:30 am and rides her bike for 20 minutes to get to school. Like many teens, Li has a lot of homework--usually at least one hour every day. But that is not all her work. During the weekdays she helps her mum cook. On weekends, she helps wash clothes. "I could cook when I was eight. Dad said sometimes I cook better than Mum!" Li said she wanted to be a doctor. "I watch TV and find out there are many people with AIDS in He'nan. Some are kids. They need help," said Li. But she is afraid to leave school. "I hope I will always be in school," said Li. "Dad works hard to get money. I promise him I will study hard to be a good student and a good doctor in the future."
A pub /pʌb/, or public house is, despite its name, a private house, but is called a public house because it is licensed to sell alcohol to the general public. It is a drinking establishment in Britain, Ireland, New Zealand, Australia, Canada, Denmark and New England. In many places, especially in villages, a pub can be the focal point of the community. The writings of Samuel Pepys describe the pub as the heart of England.   The history of pubs can be traced back to Roman taverns, through the Anglo-Saxon alehouse to the development of the modern tied house system in the 19th century.   Historically, pubs have been socially and culturally distinct from cafés, bars and German beer halls. Most pubs offer a range of beers, wines, spirits, and soft drinks and snacks. Traditionally the windows of town pubs were of smoked or frosted glass to obscure the clientele from the street but from the 1990s onwards, there has been a move towards clear glass, in keeping with brighter interiors.
The United States Capitol, often called the Capitol Building, is the home of the United States Congress, and the seat of the legislative branch of the U.S. federal government. It sits atop Capitol Hill at the eastern end of the National Mall in Washington, D.C. Though not at the geographic center of the Federal District, the Capitol forms the origin point for the District's street-numbering system and the District's four quadrants.   The original building was completed in 1800 and was subsequently expanded, particularly with the addition of the massive dome, and expanded chambers for the bicameral legislature, the House of Representatives in the south wing and the Senate in the north wing. Like the principal buildings of the executive and judicial branches, the Capitol is built in a distinctive neoclassical style and has a white exterior. Both its east and west elevations are formally referred to as "fronts", though only the east front was intended for the reception of visitors and dignitaries.   Prior to establishing the nation's capital in Washington, D.C., the United States Congress and its predecessors had met in Philadelphia (Independence Hall and Congress Hall), New York City (Federal Hall), and a number of other locations (York, Pennsylvania; Lancaster, Pennsylvania; Maryland State House in Annapolis, Maryland; and Nassau Hall in Princeton, New Jersey). In September 1774, the First Continental Congress brought together delegates from the colonies in Philadelphia, followed by the Second Continental Congress, which met from May 1775 to March 1781.
Michael Schumacher has been one of Pirelli's biggest critics this season, but Formula One's tire supplier has backed the seven-time world champion to end his long wait for a victory at Sunday's European Grand Prix.   The 43-year-old, who has not finished on the podium since coming out of retirement in 2010, told CNN that dealing with the rapidly degrading rubber this year was like "driving on raw eggs."   He has been outshone by Mercedes teammate Nico Rosberg, but Pirelli's motorsport director Paul Hembery believes the German can perform well in Valencia, where he has failed to make the top-10 in two previous attempts.   Schumacher did, however, top the qualifying times at another street circuit last month in Monaco, but started the race sixth due to a penalty and ended up retiring early -- as he did last time out in Canada.   "I think you have to look at someone like, maybe Michael, getting the pole position," Hembery told F1's official website.   "He probably would have won Monaco if he hadn't been penalized, so why not here? Michael for Valencia, that's where the money should go."   Sauber chief: "F1 better than ever"   Schumacher, who won 91 grands prix between 1992 and 2006, was penalized in Monte Carlo due to a collision with Bruno Senna at the Spanish Grand Prix.   The former Ferrari driver has endured a miserable start to the 2012 season, collecting just two world championship points and retiring from five of the first seven races. Rosberg, meanwhile, is fifth on 67 points and clinched the first race win of his career in China. 
My 13-year-old daughter Lisa remembers birthdays, makes people cards when they are sick, and sends encouraging notes written in colored pens in her neat, artistic hand. One day I got a call from her principal, "I called to tell you that in 20 years of teaching I have seen nothing like what Lisa did today", he said I held my breath again as I thought, my Lisa? My sweet daughter? She must be the wrong kid. What could she have done? My silence made him go on. "I've never seen a student do anything so nice for anyone who needed it more." "What did she do?" I asked. He explained to me about the cupcakes . When Lisa came home from school that afternoon, I told her the principal from her school had phoned me. "Yeah", she answered, "I got called out of math class to go to his office. Everyone thought I was in trouble, but he just wanted to know what was going on at lunch." Lisa and Ashley had sat with Jordan, a boy who is in special classes. They talked about birthdays, and Lisa asked Jordan when his birthday was. He told her it was coming up but that he lives in a group home and they don't celebrate birthdays there. "I remembered his birthday was today, so I made the cupcakes yesterday," Lisa explained. "Ashley bought a two-liter bottle of soda and some birthday cups, plates, and napkins left over from her little brother's party, and we got some other kids together at lunch today to sing 'Happy Birthday' to Jordan." "The principal wanted to know why they were having a birthday party for Jordan at school. When they told him, he just shook his head, took off his glasses, and rubbed his eyes," Lisa told me. "Finally, he said he was going to tell my parents that I wasn't in trouble, he was proud of what I did, and I could go back to math class." How different my daughter was from me. Better, in fact! I wouldn't have ever known how to help out disadvantaged kids like that. But my wise daughter knew how-- all it took was cupcakes and adventurous , independent , kind spirit.
Springwood teenagers Dean, Kris, Jesse, Nancy and Quentin are having trouble not sleeping: They're knocking back coffee, popping pills, anything to delay another date with their dream stalker (which may explain why these high school students look like college grads). When one of them does drop off, the bedsheets turn red.   Wes Craven's 1984 slumber party massacre started from scratch -- it was a low-budget item from what was then a genuine independent studio, New Line -- and became the iconic horror franchise of the decade.   With his battered fedora, a striped sweater, a razor-glove and a face like Sal's Famous, Freddy Krueger was the most personable boogie man Hollywood had come up with in a long time, so what if he was also a child abuser? A recurring nightmare who stalked teenagers as they slept, Freddy preyed on the defenseless and played fast and loose with physics: If Salvador Dali had created a slasher movie villain, he might have come up with someone like Freddy.   After eight movies, a TV series and a comic book, you might think Mr. Krueger had been done to death. It's been seven years since Freddy put Jason Vorhees in his place (in "Freddy vs Jason"). But you can't keep a good bad guy down, and at the rate Hollywood is cannibalizing its horror back catalogue, we'll be seeing remakes of the remakes any day now.   Directed by pop video director Samuel Bayer and written by Wesley Strick and Eric Heisserer, the new "A Nightmare on Elm Street" is actually a lot like the old one. So much so, for a while you wonder why they didn't just re-release it. (You'll wish they had.) 
CBC Canada , CTV News A group of Canadian kids are spreading a bit of Christmas spirit in Halifax, Nova Scotia, by covering warm clothes around light poles for the city's homeless people to pick up and use. _ was such an unusual sight that locals stopped to take pictures to share on social media . Every year, Tara Atkins-Smith collects warm clothes from her community in order to help the less lucky. This year, since the family was traveling to Halifax with their daughter Jayda and seven of her friends to celebrate her 8thbirthday Tara thought it was the perfect time to teach the chidren a valuable life lesson. The kids spent time handing out coats to the homeless and tied the rest around light poles for others to pick up. Each of the clothes had a tag that read, "I am not lost. If you are caught in the cold, please take me to keep warm. " According to Tara, the experience helped the children better understand the difficult situation of homeless people, who have to brave the cold winter on the streets. "When we got back in the car after an hour on the street, they were all freezing cold and crying for the heater to be on because they were cold , " she said. By next morning, all the jackets, gloves, and scarves on the poles were gone. Photos of the inspriring project have been shared about 8, 000 times on Facebook, and have got over10,000 likes. Tara, who did something similar in Toronto in December last year, says she's already planning next year's coat drive. She hopes that the meaningful thing can spread around the world, and she also wants to add $5 fast food gift card so that the homeless people can also enjoy a hot meal. "We've got help from others when we were in need, and we knew how great it made us feel," said Zackary Atkins, Tara's husband.
ISO 20121 (full name: ISO 20121:2012, "Event sustainability management systems –- Requirements with guidance for use") is a voluntary international standard for sustainable event management, created by the International Organization for Standardization. The standard aims to help organizations improve sustainability throughout the entire event management cycle.   Every event – from a village barbecue to a major sporting event like the Olympics – will have economic, social and environmental impacts. Water and energy resources are put under pressure, significant amounts of waste and carbon emissions can be generated. Sometimes events can put a strain on local communities. By 2005, practitioners within the events industry were becoming aware of the need for more sustainable practices.   Specifically, the Head of Sustainability at the London 2012 Olympic and Paralympic Games, David Stubbs, was looking for a way to make good on the sustainability promises made in the London Games bid.   He raised the issue with the British Standards Institution (BSI) in the UK. This led to the creation of BS 8901:2007 "Specification for a sustainable event management system with guidance for use". After a period of review, the second version of BS 8901 was published in 2009.   BS 8901 was received very positively by the international event industry, and was soon being widely used. For example, COP15, the United Nations Conference on Climate Change, was certified as compliant with BS 8901 in December 2009. The Microsoft Corporation achieved certification to BS 8901 at its Microsoft Convergence® 2009 event in New Orleans, Louisiana, in March 2009.
Item 1: JK Rowling, the Harry Potter author, has signed a publishing deal with Little Brown, to release her first ever novel for adults. The deal means that Rowling's long-standing relationship with Bloomsbury, the London-based publisher that launched the Harry Potter books, has come to an end, at least in terms of new works by the author. Rowling, who is worth an estimated PS530 million, said that the new novel will be nothing like the Harry Potter series, which sold over 30 million copies in the UK alone. She said that with the move from children's to adult fiction, a move to a new publisher seemed like a logical step.   Item 2: China's hurdler Liu Xiang was disqualified Thursday at the Stockholm indoor athletics tournament due to false start, giving his rival Dayron Robles of Cuba an easy win of 7.66 seconds. Liu was not willing to explain the reason of his false start, but he told Xinhua that it was not related to his foot injury. Another Cuban Orlando Ortega followed in 7.68 seconds and Balazs Baji of Hungary stood third in 7.70 seconds. Last Saturday, Liu won the men's 60m hurdle final in 7.41 seconds at the Birmingham indoor tournament, setting a new Asian record. He said Wednesday that he hoped to have an even better performance than he did in Birmingham at the Stockholm indoor tournament. Item 3: Former NBA star and current Bobcats owner Michael Jordan filed suit in a Chinese court against Qiaodan Sports Company Limited, a sportswear and footwear manufacturer, for the use of his name without permission. Jordan says "This complaint is not about money, it's about principle and protecting my name." The Chinese company has registered and uses the name "Qiaodan". Jordan has been known in China since he gained widespread popularity in the mid-1980s.   Item 4: A commuter train crashed at a busy central station in Buenos Aires on Wednesday, killing 49 passengers and injuring more than 600 people, the deadliest in a series of train accidents in Argentina over the past years. The train crashed at about 8:30 a.m. at its final stop at the Once Station, not far from downtown Buenos Aires. The train was carrying more than 800 passengers and traveling at an estimated 16 miles per hour when it entered the station, slamming into the barrier of the platform, destroying the engine.
Martin Luther (/ˈluːθər/ or /ˈluːðər/; German: [ˈmaɐ̯tiːn ˈlʊtɐ] ( listen); 10 November 1483 – 18 February 1546) was a German professor of theology, composer, priest, former monk and a seminal figure in the Protestant Reformation. Luther came to reject several teachings and practices of the Late Medieval Catholic Church. He strongly disputed the claim that freedom from God's punishment for sin could be purchased with money. He proposed an academic discussion of the power and usefulness of indulgences in his Ninety-Five Theses of 1517. His refusal to retract all of his writings at the demand of Pope Leo X in 1520 and the Holy Roman Emperor Charles V at the Diet of Worms in 1521 resulted in his excommunication by the Pope and condemnation as an outlaw by the Emperor.   Luther taught that salvation and subsequently eternal life is not earned by good deeds but is received only as a free gift of God's grace through faith in Jesus Christ as redeemer from sin. His theology challenged the authority and office of the Pope by teaching that the Bible is the only source of divinely revealed knowledge from God and opposed sacerdotalism by considering all baptized Christians to be a holy priesthood. Those who identify with these, and all of Luther's wider teachings, are called Lutherans even though Luther insisted on Christian or Evangelical as the only acceptable names for individuals who professed Christ.
Seedy the watermelon was a very special type of watermelon. He didn't have any seeds. He was green and he had stripes. All of his cousins had seeds, but he didn't have any. He felt very left out. He couldn't thing of why he was different. His mom told him it was because he was a very special watermelon. She also tells him she loves him the way he is. But Seedy didn't think it was a good thing. He wished he could be like everyone else and have seeds. One day, he rolled out to the lawn and looked at all of his new cousins growing in the garden. He rolled around until he found a little baby watermelon that didn't have any seeds either. He sat next to him and talked to him. He told him that he was very special, and was excited for him to be picked off the vine and be his special best friend. He would name him Seedy, Jr.
In seventh grade, Brittany Blythe dreamed of being a cheerleader. Her school's coaches were less than enthusiastic. "They said, 'I don't know how you'll be able to do it,' she recalls. "'You won't be able to do it. '"   But Brittany, now a junior at Strath Haven High School near Philadelphia, persisted . And when the junior team cheerleaders won a tournament last year, she was right there, dancing and cheering with the rest of the team.   Not bad for someone whose legs were cut off below the knee when she was two years old.   Brittany, 18, was born without shinbones --"just blood and muscle tissue", as she puts it. When she tried to walk, her legs twisted.   After the operation, she adapted quickly. "From day one, I basically jumped up and wanted to do everything," she says. Prosthetic legs allowed her to move around upright, but too slowly to keep up with her friends. Brittany's solution: take the legs off and walk on her knees---sometimes she still does when safety and comfort permit.   She's rarely _ . Other children laughed at her through the years, especially in junior high school, but she says the challenge only made her stronger. Now she's trying to convince her coaches to let her remove the prostheses and be a flyer, the cheerleader who's thrown in the air and caught by her teammates.   Brittany doesn't think her problems are more difficult than the next person's. "My disability was the first thing I had to get through, and that's going to prepare me for the future," she says. "It's all just a test: If someone throws you a curve ball , what are you going to do?"
General Motors Company, commonly known as GM, is an American multinational corporation headquartered in Detroit, Michigan, that designs, manufactures, markets, and distributes vehicles and vehicle parts, and sells financial services. With global headquarters at the Renaissance Center in Detroit, Michigan, United States, GM manufactures cars and trucks in 35 countries. In 2008, 8.35 million GM cars and trucks were sold globally under various brands. GM reached the milestone of selling 10 million vehicles in 2016. Current auto brands are Buick, Cadillac, Chevrolet, GMC, Holden, and Wuling. Former GM automotive brands include McLaughlin, Oakland, Oldsmobile, Pontiac, Hummer, Saab, Saturn, as well as Vauxhall, and Opel, which were bought by Groupe PSA in 2017.   The company was founded by William C. Durant on September 16, 1908 as a holding company. The company was the largest automobile manufacturer from 1931 through 2007.   In addition to brands selling assembled vehicles, GM has also had various automotive-component and non-automotive brands, many of which it divested in the 1980s through 2000s. These have included Euclid and Terex (earthmoving/construction/mining equipment & vehicles); Electro-Motive Diesel (locomotive, marine, and industrial diesel engines); Detroit Diesel (automotive and industrial diesel engines); Allison (aircraft engines, transmissions, gas turbine engines); Frigidaire (appliances including refrigeration and air conditioning); New Departure (bearings); Delco Electronics and ACDelco (electrical and electronic components); GMAC (finance); General Aviation and North American Aviation (airplanes); GM Defense (military vehicles); and Electronic Data Systems (information technology).
During the White House Correspondents' Dinner on Saturday night, Jimmy Kimmel made a joke that President Obama laughed at, but that you could see was just killing him inside.   "Mr. President, do you remember when the country rallied around you in hopes of a better tomorrow?" Kimmel asked. "That was hilarious. That was your best one yet."   Yeah it was.   I'm sure he still has a lot of hope. But I would dare to say the thing that changed most over these past three years is Obama. The unbridled optimism that his first campaign once embodied has been bludgeoned by dogmatism, pragmatism and bipartisan cronyism.   Hope and change are tough when the worst economy in 80 years is waiting to greet you at the door.   Hope and change are challenging when Rush Limbaugh, the unofficial gatekeeper of the conservative movement, tells his troops "I hope Obama fails" before your first day on the job.   Hope and change are virtually impossible when working with a Congress so dysfunctional that its approval rating never reached 25% in all of 2011 and was as low as 10% in February.   No wonder his hair is a bit grayer these days.   And no wonder the new Obama slogan is "Forward."   "Hope and Change" captured the heart of a people who believed one man could change the culture of Washington. "Forward" acknowledges things are not where he said they would be, but takes ownership of a record that shows he at least has us pointed in the right direction: 12 consecutive months of job losses before he took office, 25 consecutive months and counting of job growth since 2010. 
A body discovered at Churchill Downs on Sunday, a day after the storied Louisville racetrack hosted the Kentucky Derby, may have been the victim of a homicide, police said.   Workers in the barn area discovered the body early in the morning and notified track security, which called police, said Robert Biven, a spokesman for the Louisville Metropolitan Police Department.   "We just got the call just prior to 5 a.m. to respond to the backside" of the racetrack, Biven told CNN.   Police spokeswoman Alicia Smiley said police suspect foul play.   The body, which has not been identified, appears to be a Latino man in his 30s or 40s, Biven said.   About 400 people were located Saturday night in the rear of the racetrack, he said. "So we are trying to speak with as many people as we possibly can," he said. "We do have a few leads coming in." An autopsy is to be carried out Monday morning.   Biven described the track's backside as "like a mini city," with 48 barns, workers' dormitories and areas where trainers live. "It's a 24-hour operation," he said.   I'll Have Another wins Kentucky Derby   Operations at the racetrack were to continue normally on Sunday, Churchill Downs spokesman John Asher said. No races are scheduled at the track for three days, but cleanup from Saturday's race was to continue and the racetrack museum was to be open, he said.   CNN's Kara Devlin and Christine Sever contributed to this report   
500 (five hundred) is the natural number following 499 and preceding 501.   500 is a Harshad number in bases 5, 6, 10, 11, 13, 15 and 16.   Five hundred is also     501 = 3 × 167. It is: 502 = 2 × 251, also a proposed HTTP status code for indicating server is temporarily overloaded, SMTP status code meaning command not implemented 503 is: 504 = 2 × 3 × 7. It is: 505 = 5 × 101, Harshad number in bases 3, 5 and 6   This number is the magic constant of "n"×"n" normal magic square and "n"-queens problem for "n" = 10.   New Mexico – Before October 7, 2007, The United States state of New Mexico had a single area code of 505. The state was, and still is, referred to as 'the 505' in slang. 506 = 2 × 11 × 23. It is: 507 = 3 × 13, Harshad number in bases 13 and 14. 508 = 2 × 127, sum of four consecutive primes (113 + 127 + 131 + 137), Harshad number in base 13. 509 is:   510 = 2 × 3 × 5 × 17. It is: 511 = 7 × 73. It is: 512 = 2. It is: 513 = 3 × 19. It is: 514 = 2 × 257, it is: 515 = 5 × 103, it is: 516 = 2 × 3 × 43, it is: 517 = 11 × 47, it is: 518 = 2 × 7 × 37, it is: 519 = 3 × 173, it is:
Kramer the kitten loved to hunt for mice. He was black with white boots. Kramer was still a baby, so he liked to play all night long and sleep during the day. His favorite toy is a little fake squeaky mouse. One day, Kramer was waking up from a long nap. He saw a little mouse out of the corner of his eye. He jumped up and began to chase him around the room. He ran and ran until the mouse went into a little hole in the wall. Mary the mouse was so scared. She sat in the hole in the wall and cried little mouse tears. Kramer heard the mouse crying and said "Don't worry little mouse I want to play with you! Do you want to play too? Let's play hide and seek!" The mouse poked her head out and said "Sure!" I'm it first!" And Kramer took off around the corner with Mary chasing behind him.
Imagine what you could do with a machine that could make things disappear.   For inspiration, you could read some books. In the books of J.R.R. Tolkein, Bilbo Baggins finds a ring that can make him disappear. Of course, there's also poor Harry Potter, who used his invisibility cloak to hide from danger.   Now that you've got some ideas, it's time for the hard part: building the cloak. To do that, you have to give up science fiction and turn to real science. An invisibility cloak has to cheat anything or anyone who might be watching. In order to understand how something can be seen, it's important to understand how we see.   Human beings can only see objects that reflect light waves. These waves enter the eye and are then processed by the brain. However, if an object doesn't reflect light, then the waves don't enter the eye, and the brain doesn't process. So building an invisibility cloak is building something that doesn't reflect light.   Cummer was part of a team of scientists from Duke University, including David Smith and David Schurig, who built the world's first version of an invisibility cloak. They had been inspired by the work of a British physicist, John Pendry. He in May said that an invisibility cloak was possible and Pendry was not the only one thinking about a disappearing act. At the same time, a Scottish physicist, UIf Leonhardt published a paper on building invisibility equipment.   "It wasn't easy," says Cummer. "As often happens in science and research, it didn't work very well the first time. That first cloak didn't work like Harry Potter's --- the scientists didn't actually see anything disappear. So the research is still under way. "
The television news feature about Ben Heckmann, an eighth grader from Farmington, Minn, was breathless in its praise. "At 14, he has accomplished something many adults can't achieve," the reporter said, "Ben is a twice-published author." But Ben's two "Velvet Black" books, describing a fictional rock band, were not picked from a pile of manuscripts by an eagle eyed publisher. They were self-published, at the cost of $400 by Ben's parents. Over the past five years, print-on-demand technology and a growing number of self publishing companies whose books can be sold online have inspired writers of all ages to avoid the traditional gatekeeping system for determining who could call himself a "published author." The mothers and fathers who foot the bill say they are simply trying to encourage their children, in the same way that other parents buy equipment for a promising baseball player. But others see self-publishing as a lost opportunity to teach children about hardship and perseverance. Mr. Robbins, a critic, thinks it is wonderful to start writing at a young age, but worries self-publishing sends the wrong message. "There are no prodigies in literature," he said. "Literature requires experience, in a way that mathematics and music do not." Alan Rinzler, a publishing industry veteran, suggested parents hire a professional editor like him to work with their child to tear a manuscript apart and help make a better. Ben's father, Ken, said Ben's ambitions "weren't to knockHarry Potteroff the list," but "to get that good feeling inside that you've done something." Ajla Dizdarevic, 12, who has self-published two books of poetry, has been on television and in local newspapers. "Being a published author," she said, "was always a dream of mine." Her new dream: three books by age 15.
Ribonucleic acid (RNA) is a polymeric molecule essential in various biological roles in coding, decoding, regulation, and expression of genes. RNA and DNA are nucleic acids, and, along with lipids, proteins and carbohydrates, constitute the four major macromolecules essential for all known forms of life. Like DNA, RNA is assembled as a chain of nucleotides, but unlike DNA it is more often found in nature as a single-strand folded onto itself, rather than a paired double-strand. Cellular organisms use messenger RNA (mRNA) to convey genetic information (using the letters G, U, A, and C to denote the nitrogenous bases guanine, uracil, adenine, and cytosine) that directs synthesis of specific proteins. Many viruses encode their genetic information using an RNA genome.   Some RNA molecules play an active role within cells by catalyzing biological reactions, controlling gene expression, or sensing and communicating responses to cellular signals. One of these active processes is protein synthesis, a universal function where RNA molecules direct the assembly of proteins on ribosomes. This process uses transfer RNA (tRNA) molecules to deliver amino acids to the ribosome, where ribosomal RNA (rRNA) then links amino acids together to form proteins.   Like DNA, most biologically active RNAs, including mRNA, tRNA, rRNA, snRNAs, and other non-coding RNAs, contain self-complementary sequences that allow parts of the RNA to fold and pair with itself to form double helices. Analysis of these RNAs has revealed that they are highly structured. Unlike DNA, their structures do not consist of long double helices, but rather collections of short helices packed together into structures akin to proteins. In this fashion, RNAs can achieve chemical catalysis (like enzymes). For instance, determination of the structure of the ribosome—an enzyme that catalyzes peptide bond formation—revealed that its active site is composed entirely of RNA.
Martha had been working for Miller Laboratories for two years, but she was not happy there. Nothing significant had happened in the way of promotions or salary increases. Martha felt that her supervisor, a younger and less experienced person than she, did not like her. In fact, the supervisor often said unpleasant things to her. One day, while talking with her friend Maria, she mentioned how discouraged she was. Maria gave her the name of a cousin of hers who was director of Human Resources Department for a large chemical company. Martha called him the next day and set up an interview on her lunch hour. During the interview, Mr. Petri said, "You're just the kind of person we need here. You're being wasted in your other job. Give me a call in a day or two. I'm sure we can find a place for you in our organization." Martha was so happy she almost danced out of the building. That afternoon, Ruth Kenny, her supervisor, saw that Martha had come in ten minutes late from her lunch hour and she said, "Oh, so you finally decided to come back to work today?" This was . She could not take another insult. Besides, Mr. Petri was right: she was being wasted in this job. "Look," she said angrily, "if you don't like the way I work, I don't need to stay here. I'll go where I'm appreciated! Good-bye!" She took up her things and stormed out of the office. That night she called Maria and told her what had happened and then asked Maria, "What do you think?" "Well," said Maria carefully, "are you sure about the other job?" "Well, not exactly, but..." Maria continued, "Will you be able to get a recommendation from Mrs. Kenny if you need one?" "A recommendation?...from Mrs. Kenny?" hesitated Martha, in a worried tone. "Martha, I hope you didn't burn your bridges." Maria said. "I think I would have handled it differently."
An attorney for a 14-year-old Australian, accused of marijuana possession in Indonesia, is hoping to avoid a prison sentence for his client and have the boy released to undergo drug rehabilitation.   The teen, whose name has not been publicly released, could face a minimum of four years in prison, according to Bali police. The teen has been held since his arrest last week in Bali's Kuta street area.   "We are still investigating on his involvement for carrying, using and having the narcotics," said Bali police spokesman Hariadi, who, like many Indonesians, uses only one name.   Indonesia's drug laws are among the strictest in the world. But they do have a provision, article 128, under which those arrested with small amounts of drugs can be released to rehabilitation if they can prove they are an addict. In the case of underage offenders, that requires a declaration from the youth's parents, officials said.   Mulyadi, superintendent of Bali's police drug squad, told the Australian Broadcasting Corporation (ABC) that the teen will be dealt with under the law applying to minors needing treatment for a drug problem. His parents would have to ensure he completes rehabilitation, Mulyadi said, and if they fail to report regularly they could face jail time.   Michael Tene, spokesman for Indonesia's Ministry of Foreign Affairs, said Friday that the nation's policy on drug offenses is clear. "I believe everybody should know by now that illegal drugs in Indonesia will face a really severe penalty," he said.   The boy's attorney, Mohammad Rifan, said that he and the Australian Embassy are concerned about the junior high school student's rights as a juvenile. 
(InStyle) -- Oscar night is Hollywood's main fashion event, and most notable on the red carpet this year was our favorite actresses stepping out in uber feminine -- not just fashion forward -- looks.   Indeed, from the most delicate shades of blush to the boldest fuchsia, the red carpet turned pink! Exaggerated ruffles, soft draping, frothy fabrics, dramatic trains and Cinderella-esque silhouettes gave new meaning to the term Hollywood royalty.   The few celebrities who bucked the romantic trend, including Sarah Jessica Parker, Sandra Bullock and Meryl Streep, chose sophisticated styles with retro vibes.   From a timeless beauty (Demi Moore) to a graceful Hollywood icon (Meryl Streep), here are the night's fashion winners.   Demi Moore   Demi Moore often chooses classic, tailored cuts, but last night she glowed in a stunning blush-toned Atelier Versace silk organza gown with petal-like tiers of ruffles. She finished off this softer look with Van Cleef & Arpels tassel earrings and diamond cuffs, a gold leather Salvatore Ferragamo clutch and dress-matching Versace satin sandals.   Diane Kruger   The ever-flawless Diane Kruger turned to her favorite designer Karl Lagerfeld for her cream and black chiffon gown from Chanel Haute Couture. Both edgy and feminine, the design featured a pleated and ruffled skirt that led into a bow-bedecked mermaid train.   See more dresses from the 2010 Academy Awards   Jennifer Lopez   We love the way Jennifer Lopez commands the red carpet in dramatic dresses, and her choice this year was no exception. Yet rather than going sexy (down-to-there Versace, anyone?), the diva went spectacular in a full-on princess-shaped icy pink Armani Prive confection with a Swarovski crystal-studded waterfall train. 
(Oprah) -- Kick back — there's a reason they call them beach reads.   "Seating Arrangements" by Maggie Shipstead   Winn Van Meter has everything an affluent person could hope for: a devoted wife of almost 30 years, two daughters, a privileged life in Connecticut, and a summer home on Waskeke — a fictional island resembling Nantucket.   Despite his comforts, Winn suffers from a typical midlife dissatisfaction: "He had almost everything he could think to want, and yet still ambivalence bleached his world to an anemic pallor."   Maggie Shipstead's "Seating Arrangements" is a whip-smart and engaging debut novel, set on Waskeke over the course of three days. Winn's oldest daughter, Daphne, is pregnant and getting married. His youngest daughter is lovelorn and mourning a recent abortion.   Strong personalities clash as Winn struggles with his long-burning attraction to one of Daphne's gorgeous and wildly flirtatious bridesmaids, Agatha, as his marriage grows stale. "He could not be sure that he had ever been in love with Biddy, or with anyone for that matter, but Biddy was the woman he had felt the most for."   Shipstead observes the absurdity of the upper class in Winn's trivial anxieties; he's incensed that he wasn't invited to join an elite golf club, and he carries on a rivalry with another island couple. This is the best kind of smart beach read: a book that expertly examines social life with heart and wit.   Oprah.com: 20 romantic reads   "Heading Out to Wonderful" by Robert Goolrick   "Heading Out to Wonderful" — about a drifter who takes up with the wife of the richest man in small-town Virginia — is by "A Reliable Wife" author Robert Goolrick, which means it's deliciously dark and dangerous. Oprah.com: 7 books that will take you on an inner journey 
Jack was a pumpkin farmer. He lived in a big house on the edge of a town and grew the largest Pumpkin farm around the town. Jack's pumpkins were famous , for they always had the perfect shape and never rotted ( ) until well after Halloween . Every year around Halloween , people came from all over the town to buy his pumpkins to make their jack-o-lanterns ( ) One year, Jack was thinking about his pumpkin harvest ( ) of the year when his good friend Pete came to visit him. I have some bad news , Jack ," Pete said. "What is it ? " Jack asked . a little worried. The town decided not to have Halloween this year! They said there was simply no reason for it and they didn't have time to celebrate it because many other holidays were coming up soon . Peter told him. He knew this was very bad news for jack. Jack became very sad and lowered ( ) his head . "What can I do now , Peter?" I have all these beautiful pumpkins and I can't keep them until next Halloween ." Peter replied, " Well , there are always pumpkin pies and pumpkin bread for other holidays." Jack was worried and said, "I sell most of my pumpkins for the Halloween . I can only sell a few pumpkins during the rest of the year. And Pete, it's not so much about the money . I live a simple life out here in the country and I don't need much money . But I feel happy every year when thousands of people get my pumpkins and take them and make them into beautiful jack-o-lanterns. Now all these pumpkins will be useless because people won't make jack-o-lanterns this year. oh, this is very bad news ." Jack began to weep . large tears ran down his face.
The Inuit (pronounced or ; Inuktitut: , "the people") are a group of culturally similar indigenous peoples inhabiting the Arctic regions of Greenland, Canada and Alaska. Inuit is a plural noun; the singular is Inuk. The Inuit languages are part of the Eskimo-Aleut family. Inuit Sign Language is a critically endangered language isolate spoken in Nunavut.   In the United States and Canada, the term "Eskimo" was commonly used to describe the Inuit and Alaska's Yupik and Iñupiat peoples. However, "Inuit" is not accepted as a term for the Yupik, and "Eskimo" is the only term that includes Yupik, Iñupiat and Inuit. However, aboriginal peoples in Canada and Greenlandic Inuit view "Eskimo" as pejorative, and "Inuit" is more commonly used in self-reference for these groups. In Canada, sections 25 and 35 of the Constitution Act of 1982 classified the Inuit as a distinctive group of Aboriginal Canadians who are not included under either the First Nations or the Métis.   The Inuit live throughout most of Northern Canada in the territory of Nunavut, Nunavik in the northern third of Quebec, Nunatsiavut and NunatuKavut in Labrador, and in various parts of the Northwest Territories, particularly around the Arctic Ocean. These areas are known in Inuktitut as the "Inuit Nunangat".
Nick Vujicic was born with no arms or legs, but he doesn't let this stop him.   The brave 26-year-old man plays football and golf, and swims, in spite of the fact that he has no arms or legs.   Nick has a small foot on his left side, which helps him balance and makes him able to kick. He uses his one foot to type, write with a pen and pick things up.   "I call it my chicken drumstick ," joked Nick, who was born in Melbourne, Australia, but now lives in Los Angeles. "I'd be lost without it. When I get in the water I float because 80 percent of my body is lungs and my drumstick acts as a propeller ."   "He's very modest, but he gets marriage proposals from women all the time," said Nick's friend Steve Appel.   "He would love to get married and start a family, but he's waiting for the right girl to come along."   When Nick was born his father was so shocked that he left the hospital room. His _ mother couldn't bring herself to hold him until he was four months old.   His disability came without any medical explanation, which was a rare case. Nick and his parents spent many years asking why this cruel trick would happen to them.   "My mother was a nurse and she did everything right during pregnancy but she still blamed herself," he said.   "It was so hard for them, but right from the start they did their best to make me independent. My dad put me in the water at 18 months and gave me the courage to learn how to swim."
It was time for Jill to make her famous apple pie, out of the yellow apples that grew on her land. It was not time to pick the red cherries, or the orange oranges or even the green lettuce, but their nice colors made Jill happy. She would eat some of the pies, and give the rest of them away to her friends and family. She went out to her back yard where the apple trees were, and started picking. A few hours later, she had enough to make dozens of pies. She walked into the kitchen with her apples, and was all ready to start baking when she saw she was all out of flour. She would have to go to the store to get some, since you can't make a pie without flour. While she was at the store, she would also buy some cheese, bread, and milk. She did not need these to make pie, but she did need them to make her dinner. At the store Jill ran into her friends Bob and Steve and George, and told them she would make them all pies. After she had finished her shopping, Jill went to the library to get some books, to the car wash to wash her car, and to her mother's house to say hello. She went home after, and made her yummy pies.
How much do you know about Albert Einstein? Albert Einstein, born on March 14, 1579 in Germany, was a great scientist in the world. He was strange because he hated haircuts and new clothes. He believed in peace. All his life, he hated war. However, his most famous idea, E=mc2, helped create the world's most dangerous weapon . Many people think he was the smartest person in the world. But Einstein said that _ What did he like? Einstein liked learning sailing . He sailed in small boats all his life. He once joked, "Sailing is the sport that takes the least energy!" When Einstein was a child, his mother made him take violin lessons. At first, he didn't like the violin. But then he learned to love music and became a good violinist. Later, he said, "Love is the best teacher." Why is the sky blue? In 1910, Einstein asked a question which many children often ask, "Why is the sky blue?" After his careful research, he answered the question like this: "It's because light is made up of many colors including blue. When light travels to Earth, gas particles spread the blue light all over the sky." His answer is true in physics.
It was at San Francisco's Olympic Club that "Gentleman Jim" Corbett, world heavyweight champion and to many the man who took boxing from a brawl to an art, trained and coached.   Twenty-two years after his death, the sports club hosted its first U.S. Open golf tournament in 1955. Ben Hogan lost in a playoff to an unknown golf pro from Iowa and the course was on its way to developing a reputation as the graveyard of champions. Now, after four U.S. Opens there, the first rule of Olympic Club favorites is ... there are no Olympic Club favorites.   That's more true than ever this time around. It remains to be seen whether we're in the post-Tiger Woods era or just an interregnum in his reign, but what's certainly the case is that these days a large number of players turn up at major championships with a genuine belief and chance of winning.   One simple fact supports them: the last 14 majors have been won by 14 different players.   It was very different back at that first Olympic U.S. Open. Then, Ben Hogan was the man. Nine major championships under his belt and already the subject of a Hollywood movie, Hogan went to San Francisco in search of his fifth U.S. Open.   He seemed to have won it too: the TV commentator congratulated him on his victory and the broadcast went off air proclaiming Hogan as U.S. Open champion. Rather inconveniently, Jack Fleck, a pro from a municipal course in Iowa, birdied 15 and 18, forced Hogan into a playoff and then -- in one of the greatest sporting upsets of all time -- beat the great man by three shots. 
Vancouver is a coastal seaport city in Canada, located in the Lower Mainland region of British Columbia. As the most populous city in the province, the 2016 census recorded 631,486 people in the city, up from 603,502 in 2011. The Greater Vancouver area had a population of 2,463,431 in 2016, making it the third-largest metropolitan area in Canada. Vancouver has the highest population density in Canada with over 5,400 people per square kilometre. With over 250,000 residents, Vancouver is the fourth-most densely populated city in North America behind New York City, San Francisco, and Mexico City according to the 2011 census. Vancouver is one of the most ethnically and linguistically diverse cities in Canada according to that census; 52% of its residents have a first language other than English. Vancouver is classed as a Beta global city.   Vancouver is consistently named as one of the top five worldwide cities for livability and quality of life, and the Economist Intelligence Unit acknowledged it as the first city ranked among the top-ten of the world's most well-living cities for five consecutive years. Vancouver has hosted many international conferences and events, including the 1954 British Empire and Commonwealth Games, UN Habitat I, Expo 86, the World Police and Fire Games in 1989 and 2009; and the 2010 Winter Olympics and Paralympics which were held in Vancouver and Whistler, a resort community north of the city. In 2014, following thirty years in California, the TED conference made Vancouver its indefinite home. Several matches of the 2015 FIFA Women's World Cup were played in Vancouver, including the final at BC Place.
Vanilla is my best friend. She is a lovely girl with two big, beautiful eyes. But she always hides them behind a pair of black glasses. One day, though, I nearly ended our friendship. I remember that day clearly. We were sitting in class. The teacher was giving us our results for a Chinese test. I had done badly. I felt so sad that I wouldn't talk to anyone. At lunchtime, I even stayed in the classroom alone. Suddenly, I heard a voice. It was Vanilla. "You look very unhappy," she said. "What's wrong?" I looked up at her, but said nothing. I knew Vallina had got a good mark in the test. I thought she was making fun of me. I stayed silent , but Vallina didn't go away. She kept asking me questions: "Is it because of the exam? Do you want me to show you the right answers?" I looked away from her. When I looked up again, Vanilla had gone. And so had my exam paper! I didn't know what to do. I looked everywhere for me paper, but couldn't find it. In the afternoon, Vanilla came up to my desk and gave me my exam paper back. I looked at it and got a big surprise. Vanilla had written the right answer next to every one of my mistakes. My face went red. Vanilla had been trying to help me all along. How mean I had been to her when she was being so nice. I wanted to hug her, but all I did was to hold her hands and say, "Thank you." That afternoon, Vanilla and I walked home together. I felt so happy that I had to thank her again. We were still best friends.
My Fellow South Africans,   Our beloved Nelson Rolihlahla Mandela, the founding President of our democratic nation has departed.   He passed on peacefully in the company of his family around 20h50 on the 5th of December 2013.   He is now resting. He is now at peace.   Our nation has lost its greatest son. Our people have lost a father.   Although we knew that this day would come, nothing can diminish our sense of a profound and enduring loss.   His tireless struggle for freedom earned him the respect of the world.   His humility, his compassion, and his humanity earned him their love. Our thoughts and prayers are with the Mandela family. To them we owe a debt of gratitude.   They have sacrificed much and endured much so that our people could be free.   Our thoughts are with his wife Mrs. Graca Machel, his former wife Ms. Winnie Madikizela-Mandela, with his children, his grand-children, his great grand-children and the entire family.   Our thoughts are with his friends, comrades and colleagues who fought alongside Madiba over the course of a lifetime of struggle.   Our thoughts are with the South African people who today mourn the loss of the one person who, more than any other, came to embody their sense of a common nationhood.   Our thoughts are with the millions of people across the world who embraced Madiba as their own, and who saw his cause as their cause.   This is the moment of our deepest sorrow.   Our nation has lost its greatest son. 
The Dutch Republic, also known as the Republic of the Seven United Netherlands (Republiek der Zeven Verenigde Nederlanden), Republic of the United Netherlands or Republic of the Seven United Provinces (Republiek der Zeven Verenigde Provinciën), was a republic in Europe existing from 1581, when part of the Netherlands separated from Spanish rule, until 1795. It preceded the Batavian Republic, the Kingdom of Holland, the United Kingdom of the Netherlands, and ultimately the modern Kingdom of the Netherlands. Alternative names include the United Provinces (Verenigde Provinciën), Federated Dutch Provinces (Foederatae Belgii Provinciae), and Dutch Federation (Belgica Foederata).   Until the 16th century, the Low Countries – corresponding roughly to the present-day Netherlands, Belgium, and Luxembourg – consisted of a number of duchies, counties, and Prince-bishoprics, almost all of which were under the supremacy of the Holy Roman Empire, with the exception of the county of Flanders, which was under the Kingdom of France.
Rudy Saldia is a 25-year-old postman from America. Every day he rides to deliver parcels across his hometown of Philadelphia with his six-month-old cat called MJ always sitting on his shoulders. MJ, short for Mary Jane, is different from other cats. She was born in a drawer in Rudy's bedroom on April Fool's day. When she got older, Rudi noticed that her favorite place to rest was his shoulders, so he decided to train her to work with him. "The first day we crossed one block. The next day we tried two blocks and now we can ride about 25 miles every day. MJ enjoys moving around on my shoulders," Rudi said. However, Rudy hopes to be able to ride 100 miles with MJ in the coming day. "People are always surprised and excited to watch us. I often hear someone shout, 'Oh, my God, he has a cat on his shoulder! How lovely that is!' MJ is so comfortable on my shoulder and she never hurts me with her claws. We always get on well with each other and have a great time during the work." Rudy smiled. MJ loves noisy streets of Philadelphia, the only problem is that she is scared of the siren . However, her owner Rudi is always there for her. One day, if you go to Philadelphia and see a postman with a cat on his shoulder, don't be surprised!
Marjorie Baer used to joke about her retirement plans.She wasn't married and had no kids, but she didn't intend to be alone--she and all her single friends would move into a fictional home she called Casa de Biddies.Instead, Baer developed terminal brain cancer when she was 52.But just as she'd hoped, her friends and family provided her with love and care to the end.   Ballance was only the first of Baer's friends who became her unofficial caregivers.With her brother Phil Baer from Los Angeles, they worked out a system to watch over their friend and allow her to keep some of the privacy and independence she cherished.   Baer's good friend Ruth Henrich took Baer to doctors' appointments and helped her deal with all the aspects of life --answering machines, TV controls, and even phone numbers.After Henrich sent out an e-mail request, a group of volunteers signed up to ferry Baer back and forth to radiation therapy .Others in Baer's circle offered up particular talents: A nurse friend helped Baer figure out how to get what she was due from Social Security and her disability insurance; a lawyer pal helped Baer with her will; a partner who was an accountant took over her bills when she could no longer manage them."There was this odd sense that the right person always showed up," says Ballance.Their arrangement worked remarkably well.   Unmarried women are one of the fastest-growing groups in America; experts are concerned about how care-giving will be managed for them as they age.If the experience of Baer's friends is a guide, _ .It's already making it possible to create communities of caregivers who may have only one thing in common: the person who needs their help.On personal "care pages" set up through services such as Lotsa Helping Hands, friends and family members can post a list of tasks that need to be done, volunteer to do them, and keep updated on the person's condition.As Baer's cancer progressed, for example, her friends set up a page on Yahoo! where people could sign up to deliver meals or do errands .   Catherine Fox, one of the friends who were present when Baer died, was deeply affected."It was so comforting to know that if you're willing to ask for help, the generosity of family and friends can be phenomenal .It makes me feel secure and hopeful to know that help is there when you need it."
Rutgers quarterback Philip Nelson has been dismissed from the football team, the school's coach said Tuesday.   Nelson had been arrested Sunday and charged in connection with an assault that apparently left Isaac Kolstad -- a former linebacker for Minnesota State University, Mankato -- in critical condition.   "The Rutgers football family's thoughts and prayers are with Isaac Kolstad and his family," football coach Kyle Flood said, referring to the young man whom Nelson is accused of assaulting.   Nelson, 20, faces one count of first-degree assault and one count of third-degree assault.   Authorities in Minnesota also arrested a second person in connection with the assault, a Mankato, Minnesota, city spokeswoman said.   Trevor Stenner Shelley, 21, was arrested Monday afternoon. He is charged with first- and third-degree assault.   Officers found Kolstad, who graduated in December, near a downtown intersection. He was transported by ambulance to a local hospital.   Kolstad, 24, was in critical condition after suffering a severe head injury, his family said.   Nelson was a recent transfer to Rutgers. A native of Mankato, Minnesota, he played at the University of Minnesota, according to Rutgers' website. Nelson never played a down for Rutgers before his dismissal.   CNN's Mariano Castillo and Dana Ford contributed to this report.   
David Moore taught science at the City School. He needed some expensive books, and so he bought them. He put the books in his car in a quiet street. Then he went to other shops to buy something else. At six he came back to the car. One door was open - and the books were not there! David drove home to Fry Road. On Friday people read this in the newspaper: Books: Have you any old books? I buy old and modern books. Open all day on Saturdays. David Moore, 26 Fry Road. David stayed at home on Saturday. The first man came at eight. David took him to the kitchen. At half past nine another man arrived. He had a bag under his arm. "Mr Moore?" the man asked. "That's right," David said. "Can I help you?" "I've got some good books. You buy books, don't you?" "Yes. Bring them in. Let me have a look." Soon the books were on the dining-table. "Come in now," David called, "and bring the list." A policeman came into the dining-room. He read the names on the books and the names on the list in his hand. They were the same. "Come with me, sir," the policeman said to the man.
Bob, Jim and Alice are good friends. They all study in the same class in Red Star Middle School. The weekend is coming and the weather is going to be sunny and warm. Now they are talking about their plans. Bob is going to the hospital on Saturday. It is not far from his house, so he wants to go there by bike. He is going to visit a sick boy called Ben in the hospital. He wants to make Ben happy and give him some interesting storybooks. He is going to stay there for the whole day. Jim is going to ride to Great Zoo with his father on Sunday. He wants to see the pandas, tigers, lions and elephants. He wants to stay there for the whole day. On Saturday, Alice is going to the Green Park with her friends on foot. She is going fishing by the lake, going boating on the river and playing on the slide . She plans to stay there for the whole afternoon.
Gaius Julius Caesar (Latin: CAIVS IVLIVS CAESAR, , born: 13 July 100 BC – 15 March 44 BC), usually called Julius Caesar, was a Roman politician and general who played a critical role in the events that led to the demise of the Roman Republic and the rise of the Roman Empire. He is also known as a notable author of Latin prose.   In 60 BC, Caesar, Crassus, and Pompey formed a political alliance that dominated Roman politics for several years. Their attempts to amass power as "Populares" were opposed by the "Optimates" within the Roman Senate, among them Cato the Younger with the frequent support of Cicero. Caesar's victories in the Gallic Wars, completed by 51 BC, extended Rome's territory to the English Channel and the Rhine. Caesar became the first Roman general to cross both the Channel and the Rhine, when he built a bridge across the Rhine and crossed the Channel to invade Britain.   These achievements granted him unmatched military power and threatened to eclipse the standing of Pompey, who had realigned himself with the Senate after the death of Crassus in 53 BC. With the Gallic Wars concluded, the Senate ordered Caesar to step down from his military command and return to Rome. Caesar refused the order, and instead marked his defiance in 49 BC by crossing the Rubicon with the 13th Legion, leaving his province and illegally entering Roman Italy under arms. Civil war resulted, and Caesar's victory in the war put him in an unrivalled position of power and influence.
A biome is a community of plants and animals that have common characteristics for the environment they exist in. They can be found over a range of continents. Biomes are distinct biological communities that have formed in response to a shared physical climate. "Biome" is a broader term than "habitat"; any biome can comprise a variety of habitats.   While a biome can cover large areas, a microbiome is a mix of organisms that coexist in a defined space on a much smaller scale. For example, the human microbiome is the collection of bacteria, viruses, and other microorganisms that are present on a human body.   A 'biota' is the total collection of organisms of a geographic region or a time period, from local geographic scales and instantaneous temporal scales all the way up to whole-planet and whole-timescale spatiotemporal scales. The biotas of the Earth make up the biosphere.   The term was suggested in 1916 by Clements, originally as a synonym for biotic community of Möbius (1877). Later, it gained its current definition, based on earlier concepts of phytophysiognomy, formation and vegetation (used in opposition to flora), with the inclusion of the animal element and the exclusion of the taxonomic element of species composition. In 1935, Tansley added the climatic and soil aspects to the idea, calling it ecosystem. The International Biological Program (1964–74) projects popularized the concept of biome.
Vishnu (; Sanskrit: विष्णु, IAST: "") is one of the principal deities of Hinduism, and the Supreme Being in its Vaishnavism tradition. Vishnu is the "preserver" in the Hindu trinity (Trimurti) that includes Brahma and Shiva.   In Vaishnavism, Vishnu is identical to the formless metaphysical concept called Brahman, the supreme, the Svayam Bhagavan, who takes various avatars as "the preserver, protector" whenever the world is threatened with evil, chaos, and destructive forces. His avatars most notably include Rama in the "Ramayana" and Krishna in the "Mahabharata". He is also known as Narayana, Jagannath, Vasudeva, Vithoba, and Hari. He is one of the five equivalent deities worshipped in Panchayatana puja of the Smarta Tradition of Hinduism.   In Hindu inconography, Vishnu is usually depicted as having a dark, or pale blue complexion and having four arms. He holds a padma (lotus flower) in his lower left hand, Kaumodaki gada (mace) in his lower right hand, Panchajanya shankha (conch) in his upper left hand and the Sudarshana Chakra (discus) in his upper right hand. A traditional depiction is Vishnu reclining on the coils of the serpent Shesha, accompanied by his consort Lakshmi, as he "dreams the universe into reality".   Yaska, the mid 1st-millennium BCE Vedanga scholar, in his Nirukta (etymological interpretation), defines Vishnu as "viṣṇur viṣvater vā vyaśnoter vā", "one who enters everywhere". He also writes, "atha yad viṣito bhavati tad viṣnurbhavati", "that which is free from fetters and bondages is Vishnu".
Americans snicker over the sordid details of Rep. Anthony Weiner's Internet escapades. But they pity his wife, Huma Abedin. They see an accomplished and beautiful woman betrayed by her husband's Twitter posts. And she's pregnant? The details just get worse and worse.   Abedin and other political wives before her have been forced to face the public flogging of their husbands, heightened in this case by the technological evidence that Weiner left behind and by the helpful testimony of his correspondents.   Americans love to debate the role of the wronged political wife. What will Hillary Clinton, Jenny Sanford, or Newt Gingrich's wives (pick one) do? What should they do? Actress Julianna Margulies was nominated for an Emmy for her portrayal of "The Good Wife" on CBS. Will she ever leave her fictional cheating husband?   To which author Laura Munson says, "Stop." Stop calling these women victims. Unless there are threats to her physical safety or financial security, only Abedin decides if she is a victim. (And she's not talking publicly.)   When her own husband, suffering through a midlife crisis, threatened to break up their marriage to end his pain, Munson chose not to play the victim. Instead she planned a summer of joy for herself and her two kids -- and her husband when he wanted to join them. She gave him six months to work through his crisis.   How did she stop herself from pleading with him or simply dumping him just to get it over with? How did she choose a third way? 
Once upon a time there was a cute brown puppy. He was a very happy puppy. His name was Rudy. Rudy had a best friend. His name was Thomas. Thomas had a nice dad named Rick. Thomas and Rudy had been friends for almost a year. Rudy and Thomas loved to play in the big back yard. Sometimes, Thomas would ask his friend Jacob to come to the back yard and play with them. Jacob would always bring his puppy too. Jacob's puppy was named Sally. Thomas and Jacob would run around the back yard and Rudy and Sally chased them and barked. They all had so much fun playing together. One day, Thomas told Rudy that tomorrow would be a very special day. It would be Rudy's birthday. Rudy was very excited. The next day came and Thomas threw a birthday party for Rudy. All of Rudy's friends were there and they had presents for him. Jacob brought Rudy a new ball and Sally brought him a bone. There was one more present for Rudy to open. When he opened the gift from Thomas, Rudy was so exited that he jumped and barked. It was a new red collar with a shiny name tag on it. It was the best gift Rudy had ever been given.
Real Madrid have reduced Barcelona's lead at the top of the Spanish Primera Liga to three points after coming from behind to win 2-1 at Almeria on Thursday.   Madrid, looking to bounce back following their defeat in "El Clasico", suffered a poor start and fell behind in the 14th minute.   Kalu Uche broke down the right and his low cross was met by the unmarked Albert Crusat at the far post.   And the home side nearly doubled their advantage just seven minutes later when Domingo Cisma's free-kick was superbly saved by Iker Casillas.   However, the visitors drew level in the 27th minute thanks to a moment of superb skill from Cristiano Ronaldo.   The $125 million man burst past two defenders, fooled a third with one of his trademark stepovers and fird home a shot into the far corner for his 19th league goal of the season.   From then on, Real were the better side. Veteran midfielder Guti struck the post from the edge of the area before Rafael Van der Vaart put the rebound wide.   And the winning goal came in the 69th minute when Van der Vaart collected Gonzalo Higuain's pass before firing home a low shot into the bottom corner.   Madrid should have added to their lead, but Ronaldo was denied by goalkeeper Diego Alves while Karim Benzema and Mahamadou Diarra also missed good chances.   
Unix (; trademarked as UNIX) is a family of multitasking, multiuser computer operating systems that derive from the original AT&T Unix, development starting in the 1970s at the Bell Labs research center by Ken Thompson, Dennis Ritchie, and others.   Initially intended for use inside the Bell System, AT&T licensed Unix to outside parties from the late 1970s, leading to a variety of both academic and commercial variants of Unix from vendors such as the University of California, Berkeley (BSD), Microsoft (Xenix), IBM (AIX) and Sun Microsystems (Solaris). AT&T finally sold its rights in Unix to Novell in the early 1990s, which then sold its Unix business to the Santa Cruz Operation (SCO) in 1995, but the UNIX trademark passed to the industry standards consortium The Open Group, which allows the use of the mark for certified operating systems compliant with the Single UNIX Specification (SUS). Among these is Apple's macOS, which is the Unix version with the largest installed base as of 2014.   From the power user's or programmer's perspective, Unix systems are characterized by a modular design that is sometimes called the "Unix philosophy", meaning that the operating system provides a set of simple tools that each perform a limited, well-defined function, with a unified filesystem as the main means of communication and a shell scripting and command language to combine the tools to perform complex workflows. Aside from the modular design, Unix also distinguishes itself from its predecessors as the first portable operating system: almost the entire operating system is written in the C programming language that allowed Unix to reach numerous platforms.
Something bad happened to sam this morning. He fell over and broke his nose in the school hallway. When Sam looked up, he saw his friends. "Are you OK?" They asked him. But he didn't say anything to them. He stood up and ran to the classroom quickly. Sam put his schoolbag on his desk and went out to the school hospital. On his way back to the classroom he saw his friends again. They were laughing. Sam thought they were laughing at him, so he didn't talk to them for the rest of the morning. At lunchtime, Sam's friends came up to him and asked, "How is your nose?" "Fine!" Sam shouted. "I saw you laughing at me this morning!" "We didn't. We laughed just because Jenny told us a joke," his friends said. "Well, I'm sorry. Can you _ me?" "Yes, of course. But next time you should ask us before you assume something." They looked at each other and laughed happily. They were still friends. ,,.
The United States Forest Service (USFS) is an agency of the U.S. Department of Agriculture that administers the nation's 154 national forests and 20 national grasslands, which encompass . Major divisions of the agency include the National Forest System, State and Private Forestry, Business Operations, and the Research and Development branch. Managing approximately 25% of federal lands, it is the only major national land agency that is outside of the U.S. Department of the Interior.   The concept of the National Forests was born from Theodore Roosevelt’s conservation group, Boone and Crockett Club, due to concerns regarding Yellowstone National Park beginning as early as 1875. In 1876, Congress created the office of Special Agent in the Department of Agriculture to assess the quality and conditions of forests in the United States. Franklin B. Hough was appointed the head of the office. In 1881, the office was expanded into the newly formed Division of Forestry. The Forest Reserve Act of 1891 authorized withdrawing land from the public domain as "forest reserves," managed by the Department of the Interior. In 1901, the Division of Forestry was renamed the Bureau of Forestry. The Transfer Act of 1905 transferred the management of forest reserves from the General Land Office of the Interior Department to the Bureau of Forestry, henceforth known as the United States Forest Service. Gifford Pinchot was the first United States Chief Forester in the Presidency of Theodore Roosevelt.
The Los Angeles Times is a daily newspaper which has been published in Los Angeles, California, since 1881.   The "Times" was first published on December 4, 1881, as the "Los Angeles Daily Times" under the direction of Nathan Cole Jr. and Thomas Gardiner. It was first printed at the Mirror printing plant, owned by Jesse Yarnell and T.J. Caystile. Unable to pay the printing bill, Cole and Gardiner turned the paper over to the Mirror Company. In the meantime, S. J. Mathes had joined the firm, and it was at his insistence that the "Times" continued publication. In July 1882, Harrison Gray Otis moved from Santa Barbara to become the paper's editor. Otis made the "Times" a financial success.   Historian Kevin Starr wrote that Otis was a businessman "capable of manipulating the entire apparatus of politics and public opinion for his own enrichment". Otis's editorial policy was based on civic boosterism, extolling the virtues of Los Angeles and promoting its growth. Toward those ends, the paper supported efforts to expand the city's water supply by acquiring the rights to the water supply of the distant Owens Valley. The efforts of the "Times" to fight local unions led to the October 1, 1910 bombing of its headquarters, killing twenty-one people. Two union leaders, James and Joseph McNamara, were charged. The American Federation of Labor hired noted trial attorney Clarence Darrow to represent the brothers, who eventually pleaded guilty.
Phone Soap: Charge and Clean Your Phone   You may charge your phone every day, but do you clean your phone as much? Whatever your hands touch, your phones touch. It has been discovered that some phones have 18 times more bacteria and viruses than any surface in a public restroom. So it probably won't surprise you that a 2011 University of London study found that one in six of our phones have bacteria and viruses on them--specifically, the bacteria called E. coli.   The research on bacteria and viruses led to the invention of Phone Soap. It is not actually liquid like dishwasher soap. It is a phone charger that uses the electromagnetic radiation used in hospitals to kill 99.9 percent of bacteria and viruses, cleaning your phone while it charges.   "There are really certain types of bacteria and viruses that we should not be in touch with, and they are really on our phones," says Wes Barnes, the Phone Soap co-founder. It all started while his cousin and co-founder, Dan LaPorte, was in his cancer research lab at college. "He realized he got the idea of getting rid of bacteria and viruses on the phones," said Barnes. "In the lab they used UV-C light for destroying them. He realized this would be the fastest, most powerful way to kill any bacteria and viruses living on electronic machines."   Phone Soap looks like a little metal suitcase. Your phone rests in to charge and get cleaned at the same time. Instead of plugging your phone into the wall, you'd plug it into the Phone Soap charger box. The process only takes a few minutes but, Barnes says, "The idea is that you can leave it in there overnight if you want to keep charging. Reflective paint keeps the light completely around the phone so it cleans the phone fully."   The co-founders spent 2013 finding the right companies and they started shipping the product in late November. By last week's International Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas, Phone Soap was all grown-up. Both co-founders have left their previous jobs and are selling Phone Soap nonstop. "We're shipping almost more than we can handle each day," Barnes says. "It's been a great adventure."
Believe it or not but it is true. There are people who lose the ability to understand or use words due to brain damage. But they become extremely good at something else. They become experts at spotting liars. The condition in which people lose their power to understand or use words due to brain damage are called aphasia . A study conducted in Massachusetts, U.S., has clearly proved that aphasics make good lie detectors .   In the last 100 years, many doctors studying the brain have mentioned examples of this amazing power of patients suffering from aphasia. Recently, scientists conducted tests to see if all that was said about aphasics was true. They studied the powers of a mixed group of people. Some were normal; others were aphasic. And it was proved clearly that the normal volunteers still got fooled by words. The aphasics were far ahead of them in recognizing false speech. The results of the study were reported in the magazine Nature.   `Fourteen years ago, famous American doctor, Dr. Oliver Sacks, wrote about his experiences with aphasic patients in a book. He remembered a particular incident in a hospital. Patients from the aphasia room were watching TV. Their president, Ronald Reagan, was giving a speech. He was trying to put feelings into each and every word of his speech. But his speech had an opposite effect on the patients. They were not impressed. On the contrary, the whole room shook with their laughter. The aphasics knew that he did not mean a word of what he was saying.   Dr. Sacks saw aphasics as more gifted than normal people. Normal people "get carried away" by words. An aphasic cannot understand words. But he or she can still understand what is being said. He said most of the aphasics had this superior understanding. So, while normal people think of aphasic patients as brain damaged, they actually seem to understand human expressions better.
Plato (; Greek: "Plátōn", in Classical Attic; 428/427 or 424/423 – 348/347 BC) was a philosopher in Classical Greece and the founder of the Academy in Athens, the first institution of higher learning in the Western world. He is widely considered the most pivotal figure in the development of philosophy, especially the Western tradition. Unlike nearly all of his philosophical contemporaries, Plato's entire work is believed to have survived intact for over 2,400 years. Others believe that the oldest extant manuscript dates to around AD 895, 1100 years after Plato's death. This makes it difficult to know exactly what Plato wrote.   Along with his teacher, Socrates, and his most famous student, Aristotle, Plato laid the very foundations of Western philosophy and science. Alfred North Whitehead once noted: "the safest general characterization of the European philosophical tradition is that it consists of a series of footnotes to Plato." In addition to being a foundational figure for Western science, philosophy, and mathematics, Plato has also often been cited as one of the founders of Western religion and spirituality. Plato's influence on Christianity is often thought to be mediated by his major influence on Saint Augustine of Hippo, one of the most important philosophers and theologians in the foundation of the Western thought. In the 19th century, the philosopher Nietzsche called Christianity "Platonism for the people". Numenius of Apamea viewed this differently, he called Plato the Hellenic Moses. This would justify the superiority of Christianity over Hellenism because Moses predates Plato—thus the original source of this wisdom is the root of Christianity and not Hellenistic culture.
Cambridge is a university city and the county town of Cambridgeshire, England, on the River Cam approximately north of London. At the United Kingdom Census 2011, its population was 123,867, including 24,488 students.   There is archaeological evidence of settlement in the area in the Bronze Age and in Roman Britain; under Viking rule, Cambridge became an important trading centre. The first town charters were granted in the 12th century, although city status was not conferred until 1951.   The University of Cambridge, founded in 1209, is one of the top five universities in the world. The university includes the Cavendish Laboratory, King's College Chapel, and the Cambridge University Library. The city's skyline is dominated by the last two buildings, along with the spire of the Our Lady and the English Martyrs Church, the chimney of Addenbrooke's Hospital and St John's College Chapel tower. Anglia Ruskin University, evolved from the Cambridge School of Art and the Cambridgeshire College of Arts and Technology, also has its main campus in the city.   Cambridge is at the heart of the high-technology Silicon Fen with industries such as software and bioscience and many start-up companies born out of the university. More than 40% of the workforce has a higher education qualification, more than twice the national average. The Cambridge Biomedical Campus, one of the largest biomedical research clusters in the world, is soon to be home to AstraZeneca, a hotel and the relocated Papworth Hospital.
First it was Mario Gotze. Now Robert Lewandowski is leaving Borussia Dortmund for German powerhouse Bayern Munich.   The sought after Polish international signed a five-year contract with Bayern Munich, Bayern said on its website while calling the 25-year-old one of the "world's top strikers." He'll join the Bavarian outfit at the end of the season, when his current deal with Dortmund was due to expire.   "We are very happy that this transfer has gone through," Bayern CEO Karl-Heinz Rummenigge said. "Robert Lewandowski is one of the world's top strikers.   "He will not only strength our squad, but his arrival will also give the entire club a boost."   Some would say Bayern hardly needs it, since it won five trophies in 2013 and is on pace to cruise to yet another Bundesliga crown.   Lewandowski co leads the Bundesliga in scoring this campaign with 11 goals and has netted 91 times in 165 games for Borussia Dortmund since joining from Poland's Lech Poznan for a bargain basement $7 million in 2010.   His goals also helped Borussia Dortmund reach last season's Champions League final, although Bayern Munich came out on top in London.   Gotze's move to Bayern Munich was announced last April while he still played for Borussia Dortmund and the German international became a highly unpopular figure among many Dortmund fans -- so Lewandowski might expect some jeers himself.   Lewandowski's impending departure is a further blow to Dortmund.   The German champion in 2011 and 2012 -- Lewandowski played a key role -- Jurgen Klopp's side has slipped to a distant fourth in the league and narrowly advanced to the second round of this season's Champions League. 
Marry me! During the "Idol" finale, season 5 singer Ace Young proposed live to season 3 runner up Diana DeGarrno. She was genuinely surprised in one sense but the two have bonded closely since they met on Broadway during a production of"Hair." The first true"ldol' couple (though others have dated) have already set a wedding date on June l of 2013,   Ten years and still relevant. Season one winner Kelly Clarkson has survived a decade in the brutal music business with her dignity intact and enough chart-topping songs to generate a greatest hits album at the tender age of 30. Her career is as strong as ever. She sang the "Star Spangled Banner" at the Super Bowl. Her song "Stronger" was a No. I hit. She was a mentor on an ABC summer series"Duets." She became engaged to Reba McEntire's stepson in November. All in all, life is good for Clarkson and we as"Idol" fans couldn't be more proud.   Keep calm and Carrie on! Season four victor Carrie Underwood has now sold more albums than any other "Idol" with about 14 million to date. Her current album "Blown Away" has generated two top two hits in 2012: "Good Girl" and the title track. That makes 15 consecutive top 2 hits on the Billboard country chart over seven years dating back to "Jesus, Take the Wheel." She hosted the CMAs for a fifth year with Brad Paisley. Last month, she landed a role as lead in a remake of"The Sound of Music." She toured to sold-out crowds again, hitting Gwinnett Arena earlier this month, where she thankecl "Idol" for getting her to where she's at, something, she certainly no longer needs to do but still does. Class act, that lady.
Timothy Jones Jr. allegedly went on a 700-mile journey that began in South Carolina with the bodies of his five young children wrapped in garbage bags in the back of his SUV, authorities said Wednesday.   Jones, a 32-year-old computer tech and Mississippi State University graduate, told neighbors last week that he was moving his children from their home near Lexington to another state.   The father of five was being held Wednesday in a Mississippi jail in connection with the deaths of his children, ages 1 to 8, whose bodies were dumped in Alabama.   It's still unclear how or why Jones allegedly killed his children, but acting Sheriff Lewis McCarty of Lexington County told reporters that Jones drove for several days with their decomposing bodies in the back of his SUV.   It is believed he killed the children at the same time, and that the crime happened in Lexington County, McCarty said.   "I don't understand why he did it but, yes, these children were in the car, deceased, in garbage bags for some period of time," McCarty said.   When Jones was picked up Saturday at a police checkpoint in Mississippi, he seemed "very strange, maybe somewhat disoriented, a little bit on the violent side," McCarty said. In the car, police later found "cleaning material, they saw blood, they saw children's clothing but no children."   McCarty said Jones, who allegedly was in possession of synthetic marijuana and a drug called "bath salts," faces five counts of murder when he's returned to South Carolina. 
Even at school there had been an unhealthy competition between George and Richard.   "I'll be the first millionaire in Coleford!" Richard used to boast.   "And you'll be sorry that you knew me," George would reply "because I'll surely be the best lawyer in our town!"   After graduation, George never became a lawyer and Richard was anybody but a millionaire .... Instead, it happened that both men opened bookshops on opposite sides of Coleford High Street, while it was hard to make much money from books then, which made the competition between them worse. Eventually, Richard closed down his, dreaming of making a fortune elsewhere.   Now, with only one bookshop in the town, business was better for George. But sometimes he sat in his narrow old kitchen and gazed out of the dirty window, thinking about his former rival . Perhaps he missed him?   George was very interested in old dictionaries, and he had recently found a collector in Australia who was selling a rare first edition. When the parcel arrived, the book was in perfect condition and George was quite delighted. But while he was having lunch, George glanced at the photo in the newspaper that the book had been wrapped in. He was astonished -- the smiling face was older than he remembered but unmistakable! Trembling, George started reading: "Bookends Company has bought ten bookstores from its competitors. The company, owned by multi-millionaire Richard Pike, is now the largest bookseller in this country."
After a difficult past year, Rafael Nadal is back where he feels most comfortable -- but his rivals are battling to find form ahead of the French Open.   While the Spaniard cruised into the quarterfinals of the Monte Carlo tournament he has won for the past eight seasons, world No. 1 Novak Djokovic again had to come from behind to earn his place while Andy Murray suffered a crushing defeat that will demote him to third in the rankings.   Fourth seed Tomas Berdych and No. 5 Juan Martin del Potro also crashed out Thursday to thin out the competition for Nadal as he continues his winning return to the ATP Tour following longterm knee problems.   His 6-2 6-4 rout of German 16th seed Philipp Kohlschreiber was his 16th successive victory this year following a defeat in the final of his comeback event in Chile in February.   "I feel more relaxed, yes. I had some uneasy moments during the past year," Nadal said after his 44th consecutive win at the clay-court event, which set up a clash with 21-year-old Bulgarian Gregor Dimitrov.   "Now I'm back on the tour. Just being here is good news. And winning matches -- I say it every day, but winning every match is very important to me today. Every time I have the chance to go on court and play well, feel competitive, is a really good feeling."   Dimitrov is also on a roll, having followed up his opening victory over world No. 10 Janko Tipsarevic by beating Germany's Florian Mayer 6-2 6-4. 
Police have made an arrest in the home invasion slaying last year of a Southern California couple in their beach house, authorities said Monday.   Joshua Graham Packer, 20, of Ventura is facing charges including three counts of murder and two counts of robbery, Capt. Ross Bonfiglio of the Ventura County Sheriff's Department said.   Packer is accused of murdering Brock Husted, his wife, Davina Husted, and her fetus. The Husteds, who were both 42, were stabbed to death in their seaside home in Faria Beach, California, on May 20.   Chief Gary Pentis of the Ventura County Sheriff's Department said it appeared the suspect targeted the victims. "My personal opinion? This was not a random act," Pentis said at a news conference Monday.   Until the couple's slaying, the gated community of luxury homes had not recorded a homicide in 15 years, police said.   According to investigators, the Husteds were home with their two young children on the night of the slaying. Their daughter was asleep in bed, and their son was watching "American Idol" in the living room.   About 10:30 p.m., the suspect entered the home through French doors that face the ocean, police said.   The killer was dressed in dark clothing and wore a motorcycle helmet, authorities said. He walked past the child who was watching television and stabbed the Husteds.   Davina Husted was four months pregnant.   The home was not ransacked, and the alleged murder weapon was left at the scene, Bonfiglio said.   A sample of Packer's DNA taken after an arrest in Santa Barbara matched the genetic material found at the Husted crime scene, said Pentis the sheriff's department chief. He added that items from the victims' house were found at the suspect's home. 
Seoul (CNN)North Korean leader Kim Jong Un is continuing to rule with an iron fist, having ordered the execution of about 15 senior officials so far this year, according to an assessment by South Korean intelligence agents, a lawmaker who attended a closed briefing said.   Shin Kyung-min, a lawmaker with the New Politics Alliance for Democracy, told a handful of reporters that he had been given the information by the South Korean National Intelligence Service.   CNN cannot independently confirm the executions. The nature of the intelligence supporting the National Intelligence Service allegations was also not immediately clear. North Korea is one of the most closed societies in the world.   According to Shin, intelligence officials say Kim is ruling in an impromptu manner and does not countenance excuses or any views at variance with his own.   He considers those a challenge to his authority, the intelligence officials said, according to Shin.   For example, a senior official with Ministry of Forestry was executed for expressing dissatisfaction with the country's forestry program, the lawmaker said.   North Korean defectors share their ordeals   The vice chairman of the State Planning Commission was executed because he objected to changing the design of a science and technology hall from a rounded shape to one resembling a flower, the intelligence officials said, according to the lawmaker.   And in March, according to the South Korean lawmaker, Kim executed on charges of espionage four members of the Unhasu Orchestra, including the general director, because of a scandal, Shin said.   Kim became North Korea's Supreme Commander in December 2011 following the death of his father, Kim Jong Il. According to the National Intelligence Service, he is reported to have executed 17 senior officials in 2012, 10 in 2013 and 41 in 2014. 
Hoover began using wiretapping in the 1920s during Prohibition to arrest bootleggers. In the 1927 case Olmstead v. United States, in which a bootlegger was caught through telephone tapping, the United States Supreme Court ruled that FBI wiretaps did not violate the Fourth Amendment as unlawful search and seizure, as long as the FBI did not break into a person's home to complete the tapping. After Prohibition's repeal, Congress passed the Communications Act of 1934, which outlawed non-consensual phone tapping, but allowed bugging. In the 1939 case Nardone v. United States, the court ruled that due to the 1934 law, evidence the FBI obtained by phone tapping was inadmissible in court. After the 1967 case Katz v. United States overturned the 1927 case that had allowed bugging, Congress passed the Omnibus Crime Control Act, allowing public authorities to tap telephones during investigations as long as they obtain a warrant beforehand.   In March 1971, the residential office of an FBI agent in Media, Pennsylvania was burglarized by a group calling itself the Citizens' Commission to Investigate the FBI. Numerous files were taken and distributed to a range of newspapers, including The Harvard Crimson. The files detailed the FBI's extensive COINTELPRO program, which included investigations into lives of ordinary citizens—including a black student group at a Pennsylvania military college and the daughter of Congressman Henry Reuss of Wisconsin. The country was "jolted" by the revelations, which included assassinations of political activists, and the actions were denounced by members of Congress, including House Majority Leader Hale Boggs. The phones of some members of Congress, including Boggs, had allegedly been tapped.
San Francisco (initials SF) (, Spanish for Saint Francis; Spanish: ), officially the City and County of San Francisco, is the cultural, commercial, and financial center of Northern California. The consolidated city-county covers an area of about at the north end of the San Francisco Peninsula in the San Francisco Bay Area. It is the fourth-most populous city in California, and the 13th-most populous in the United States, with a 2016 census-estimated population of 870,887. The population is projected to reach 1 million by 2033.   San Francisco was founded on June 29, 1776, when colonists from Spain established Presidio of San Francisco at the Golden Gate and Mission San Francisco de Asís a few miles away, all named for St. Francis of Assisi. The California Gold Rush of 1849 brought rapid growth, making it the largest city on the West Coast at the time. San Francisco became a consolidated city-county in 1856. After three-quarters of the city was destroyed by the 1906 earthquake and fire, San Francisco was quickly rebuilt, hosting the Panama-Pacific International Exposition nine years later. In World War II, San Francisco was a major port of embarkation for service members shipping out to the Pacific Theater. It then became the birthplace of the United Nations in 1945. After the war, the confluence of returning servicemen, massive immigration, liberalizing attitudes, along with the rise of the "hippie" counterculture, the Sexual Revolution, the Peace Movement growing from opposition to United States involvement in the Vietnam War, and other factors led to the Summer of Love and the gay rights movement, cementing San Francisco as a center of liberal activism in the United States. Politically, the city votes strongly along liberal Democratic Party lines.
Winston Churchill, glaring, resolute, combative, left hand on hip, stares straight off the page -- a moment, and an image, like no other.   (How did the photographer, Yousuf Karsh, get that iconic pose from Churchill, Britain's prime minister, in 1941? Churchill told Karsh that he had very little time for the session. Karsh reached over and took Churchill's cigar from him -- then, as Churchill reacted, snapped the photo.)   Marilyn Monroe, at her most beautiful in 1953, leans back, wearing white slacks and a black sweater, and gazes off dreamily to her right. Somehow, even though being photographed for a national magazine, she appears supremely relaxed and right at home. Why? She was at home -- she knew that the photographer, Alfred Eisenstaedt, and the magazine, Life, would do right by her, and she had invited them in.   Prisoners at the Buchenwald concentration camp in 1945, their faces haunted, their bodies gaunt, their eyes showing nothing and everything, look out from behind the wire fence that imprisons them, just before they are liberated. How did Margaret Bourke-White happen to be there to shoot that photo? Gen. George Patton wanted the world to see why his soldiers were fighting. Patton understood that Bourke-White and her magazine -- Life -- were the best way for the world to witness and understand.   All these photos and hundreds more are in a book called "75 Years: The Very Best of Life." It was published just before the holidays; I bought copies for friends around the country, and all of them have told me the same thing: They are spending hours with it, looking for long minutes at individual photos, treasuring the talent of the photographers, many long dead. 
I stepped inside my mother's car and dropped my backpack on the floor as my face filled with excitement. Today's the day that we're going to the candy store and picking out a new treat to have after dinner. Some people may like going to the movies, or the game room, or even to parks, but going to the candy store once a week and getting to see all the different colors and taste all the different treats is my favorite activity. As soon as we pull up, she tells me to not run around too much inside, but I'm so excited I barely hear her. She opens the door and we walk inside where the clerk first welcomes us. Since we do this each week, he calls me by my name of Trevor and says that he's come up with a few candies for me to try.   I walk over to the table and see three types of M&M's laid out. He knows I'm not a big fan of peanuts so he left out the peanut kind, instead giving me mint flavored, cookies 'n creme flavored, and white chocolate flavored. They all taste great and the clerk asks which I like the most. It takes me a bit to choose, but I finally choose the Mint as this week's choice. He rings us up at the front desk and says that since we buy from his shop so much, he's going to give us a sale, so we think it'll be a nickel or a dime or even a quarter off. Actually, the clerk ends up cutting it half off! We thanked him and went on our way as I tried not to eat all the way home.
Once upon a time, there was a little frog in a little castle. The little frog was having a little party with all his little froggy friends. "I want to make them a cake!" he said, and so he went into the kitchen. In the kitchen, there were all the ingredients the frog needed to make the cake. There were eggs, milk, flour, sugar, and yes, frosting. The frog put all the ingredients in a bowl and started mixing them up. "I'm going to make the best cake ever!" he said. He took the cake and poured it into a blue bowl and popped it into the oven. He waited, and then, when it was done, he took it out. It was nice and golden brown. He put pink frosting all over the cake. It looked great! All the people at the party loved the little frog's cake.
Paris has the Eiffel Tower; New York has the Statue of Liberty; and prefix = st1 /Brussels, the Manneken Piss.   Think of the Belgian capital and, if anything, you think of the small peeing boy _ a 60-meter-high bronze figure standing on a block, supplying a constant stream of water to the basin under him.   Some might laugh. But for Jacques Stroobants, the statue is up there with the best of them.   "I'm proud of him. People come from all around the world to see him," says 60-year-old Stroobants with a fatherly glance at the little boy.   As the most famous landmark of Brussels, Manneken Piss has a very special place in the heart of Belgians.   The original Manneken Piss dates back to 1388, but the statue tourists see today dates from 1619 when the city built a second one after the original was destroyed.   Many stories go round Manneken Piss. Nobody knows why he was made. One story is that he saved Brusselsby putting out the flames of a deadly fire with his well-aimed piss. But the most believable story is that the boy, the son of a wealthy man, was kidnapped. The father had a statue built in honor of the way his son was found-peeing against a tree.   Perhaps best-known for his naked beauty, the "peeing boy" has also been clothed in some of the finest clothes money can buy.   Stroobants has been changing his clothes for the last 29 years. On average, he has clothes on 300 days a year. And on special days, he pees beer.   A few of the ways he's been dressed are; a football player, Mozart and an army general. Now, he has more than 600 pieces of clothes.   There is no strict charge for those wishing to provide clothes for the little boy. But certain conditions must be met.   "The clothes cannot include either advertising or political message," said Stroobants, because they would cheapen the national treasure.   But Manneken Piss is still something local people can make money from _ by selling all kinds of souvenirs.
Anyone who has ever traveled with a teenager knows that the teenager can make the vacation good or bad for the entire family. As a travel agent, Lynda Maxwell said, "If teenagers are happy, everybody is happy." Teenagers are often interested in travelling, but their interests and schedules often aren't the same as their parents'. It means that when the parents start to look for a place of interest in the early morning, their teenagers may be sleeping soundly! The thing makes travelling with teenagers very difficult, but it isn't impossible. The experts said, "The keys to success is what parents do before they travel." For many families, the hardest part may be finding a vacation time that is right for everyone. Be sure to sit down with everyone else in the family before setting a date. "After setting a date, ask teenagers where they would choose to go," suggested Maxwell. It is possible that they'd like nothing more than to sit on a beach for a week. "Maybe there's a compromise ," said Maxwell. "Most teenagers like using the Internet now, so parents can ask them to think up the ideas about what to see and do," said Brad Anderson. "I find teenagers are excellent at making great suggestions."
Judge William Adams, who made national headlines after the release of a 2004 video of him beating his then-teenage daughter, has been suspended by the Texas Supreme Court.   Adams, while not admitting guilt or wrongdoing, agreed to the suspension. He will be paid during the suspension.   The judge's lawyer, William Dudley, said his client proposed the suspension motion with input from the state Commission on Judicial Conduct, which is investigating the incident. Adams already was on voluntary leave, Dudley said in a statement to CNN.   In a separate ruling, a Texas judge ruled Wednesday that Adams can have supervised visitation with his younger daughter, 10.   Adams, a court-at-law judge in Aransas County, was roundly criticized when his now-adult daughter posted online a video of him beating her with a belt when she was 16.   The video also showed the judge cursing and berating Hillary Adams.   William Adams was punishing the girl for using the Internet "to acquire music and games that were unavailable for legal purchase at the time," Hillary Adams wrote on the web posting.   The video is punctuated by cracks of the man's belt and the girl's screams and cries.   At one point in the 7 1/2-minute video, the man says to his near-hysterical daughter, "What happened to you, Hillary? Once you were an obedient, nice little girl. Now you lie, cheat and steal."   He yells at her, "You want to put some more computer games on? You want some more?"   "Are you happy?" he asks her. "Disobeying your parents? You don't deserve to f---ing be in this house." 
For more than 40 years, scientists have sought to learn how well human beings can adapt to long periods in space. The International Space Station continues to provide valuable knowledge about spaceflight. But an earlier space station, Skylab, helped make the current space project possible.   Canadian astronaut Chris Hadfield sang aboard the International Space Station on May 12, 2013. His music video has become extremely popular. The astronaut played his own version of David Bowie's song Space Oddity. He performed while floating weightlessly, with images of planet earth and space appearing in the window behind him.   Chris Hadfield recently returned home after nearly five months on the space station. For him, the long flight produced a hit video on YouTube and no major physical problems. But 40 years ago, scientists did not know how humans would react to long-term spaceflight. To find out, NASA, the American space agency, launched Skylab in May, 1973. Over nearly a year, three teams of astronauts visited Skylab for stays of between 28 to 84 days. They learned how people react to extended periods in space.   Gerald Carr commanded Skylab 4. He spoke at a NASA event marking the 40th anniversary of Skylab's launch. He said that the loss of the body's muscle mass was a main concern. Astronauts on Skylab used exercise equipment to stay strong. The astronauts spent their workdays carrying out experiments, including biomedical research.   Marshall Porterfield is the director of NASA's Space Life and Physical Sciences Division. He says the Skylab astronauts' understanding of their own ability to deal with long-term spaceflight continues to help current astronauts. NASA says the next step for life away from Earth is a year-long space station mission, set for 2015.
Can you write down a Chinese word being read to you? Sometimes it can be difficult when you find the word is not included in most dictionaries. Lu Jialei, 14, from Hangzhou Foreign Language School, won the CCTV Chinese Character Spelling Contest on Oct 18th, 2013. About 160 people competed. The host read a word to the contestant, explained its meaning and gave sample sentences. The contestant was required to write down the word. Winning the contest was a "surprise" to Lu. "I was not the smartest one," she said. "But I paid attention to details." To prepare for the contest, she and her teammates studied the Modern Chinese Dictionary for 10 days. There are more than 56,000 entries including characters, words and phrases in it. She also had a secret weapon. She studied how Chinese characters were formed. "When others paid attention to the plot of a story, she looked at how authors use words and sentences to express themselves," said Su Yunsheng, Lu's Chinese teacher. Su is happy to see students like Lu find the beauty of Chinese language. "Besides using something Chinese and having Chinese traditional festivals, learning to write Chinese characters is also an important part of inheriting Chinese culture," said Su.
Linux is a name which broadly denotes a family of free and open-source software operating system distributions built around the Linux kernel. The defining component of a Linux distribution is the Linux kernel, an operating system kernel first released on September 17, 1991 by Linus Torvalds. Many Linux distributions use the word "Linux" in their name. The Free Software Foundation uses the name "GNU/Linux" to refer to the operating system family, as well as specific distributions, to emphasize that most Linux distributions are not just the Linux kernel, and that they have in common not only the kernel, but also numerous utilities and libraries, a large proportion of which are from the GNU project. This has led to some controversy.   Linux was originally developed for personal computers based on the Intel x86 architecture, but has since been ported to more platforms than any other operating system. Because of the dominance of the Linux kernel-based Android OS on smartphones, Linux has the largest installed base of all general-purpose operating systems. Linux is also the leading operating system on servers and other big iron systems such as mainframe computers, and is used on 99.6% of the TOP500 supercomputers. It is used by around 2.3% of desktop computers. The Chromebook, which runs the Linux kernel-based Chrome OS, dominates the US K–12 education market and represents nearly 20% of the sub-$300 notebook sales in the US. Linux also runs on embedded systems – devices whose operating system is typically built into the firmware and is highly tailored to the system. This includes TiVo and similar DVR devices, network routers, facility automation controls, televisions, video game consoles and smartwatches. Many smartphones and tablet computers run Android and other Linux derivatives.
Neil Armstrong, the first man to walk on the moon, has died at the age of 82. Many people paid tribute to the former astronaut. But other people feel regret that no human has been back to the moon since 1972, just three years after Armstrong landed on it and gave his famous "giant leap for mankind" speech.   Elliot Pulham, Chief Executive of the Space Foundation, thinks that America's space agency NASA should get more money, like in the 1960s, during the moon landings programme, when astronauts went to the moon. "In this age of limited goals and tiny NASA budgets, Armstrong is a reminder of what our nation was once capable of," he said.   Armstrong died because of heart problems after surgery. His recovery seemed to be going well, and his death was a surprise to many people. His family described him as a "reluctant American hero" and said: "Honour his example of service, and the next time you walk outside on a clear night and see the moon smiling down at you, think of Neil Armstrong and give him a wink."   Speaking from the White House, Barack Obama said Armstrong was "among the greatest of   American heroes - not just of his time, but of all time". He added: "And when Neil stepped on the   moon for the first time, it was a moment of human achievement that will never be forgotten."   Buzz Aldrin flew with Armstrong on Apollo 11. He was the second man to walk on the moon. He said he was very sad at the death of his good friend and companion.   "When I look at the moon I remember that special moment, over forty years ago, when Neil and I stood on the moon," he said. "Looking back at our brilliant blue planet Earth hanging in the darkness of space, I realized that even though we were farther away from Earth than two humans   had ever been, we were not alone. Almost the entire world took that memorable journey with us. I know many millions of people around the world will join me in mourning the death of a true   American hero and the best pilot I ever knew. My friend Neil took the small step but giant leap that changed the world and will always be remembered as a historic moment in human history."   In the US, people felt that he represented the achievement of a past age of American greatness. Today, things are very different: NASA has cancelled a number of missions because they don't have enough money.   Former astronaut Eugene Cernan, the last man on the moon, said: "Neil did something that people thought was impossible." Others complained about the state of the US. Journalist Andrew Pasternak wrote: "It will take longer to rebuild lower Manhattan after 9/11 than it took to build an entire space program and send a man to the moon."   Of course, NASA has its modern successes. Its engineers have landed a nuclear-powered robot on Mars. There will also be another Mars mission. It will drill below the planet's surface. But these achievements are not as exciting as Armstrong's. NASA administrator Charles Bolden expressed that in his tribute. "As we enter this next era of space exploration, we are standing on the shoulders of Neil Armstrong," he said.   Armstrong was disappointed by what NASA has become. Blogger Eric Berger saw an email from Armstrong and other former astronauts. It expressed frustration at the current problems at NASA and quoted Yogi Berra, an American baseball legend: "If you don't know where you are   going, you might not get there."
Recently, China Dream has been the subject of a public topic. Although it is quite common for Chinese people to dream of a developed China, most people also have their own dreams. I interviewed several young Chinese students with higher US educational backgrounds. They all had their own dreams for their native country. Fred Wang, an MBA student in the US, said, "I dream of equal chance for the young in China. Equality means all young people can compete fairly, based on the rule-of-law no matter whether they are rich or poor." Yujie Zhao, another MBA student in California, said, "I dream of having the best education for my children so they will not lose at the starting line, and I dream of being able to take good care of my parents after they return home from work." Yiqiong Zhang, an MBA graduate from the US, shared her dreams. "I have a dream which I have been holding for many years, that is after working hard for about 20 to 25 years, I can have enough money to build and manage a bookstore or a flower shop. Besides working hard, I am able to enjoy life, to play the piano, to hike and to enjoy a two-month-long vacation every year. This may be a common dream among young Chinese students." There is no doubt that all of these young students have their own China Dream. They all love chasing their dreams. The beautiful China Dream requires everyone's hard work. Everyone should work hard to make their dreams come true.
One day last November, Tom Baker stopped out of his house into the morning light and headed across the rice fields toward the bank of the Rapti River. Tom, a 32-year-old school teacher in the farming village of Madanpur, was going for his morning bath. As he approached the river, the head of a tiger suddenly appeared over the edge of the river bank. Before he could turn to run, the tiger was upon him. It jumped on his shoulder and threw him to the ground, its huge jaws attacked his head in a killing bite. Peter Smith was also on his way to the river and saw the attack. He screamed. The tiger lifted its head and roared at him. Peter ran. From the window of his house John Brown heard the tiger roar and ran out to see it attacking a man. He screamed, too, and all the villagers ran out shouting as the tiger dropped its victim and ran off. When the villagers reached the river bank, Tom was already dead. For the villagers, the horror of the incident intensified by the tales of man-eating tigers that has once run around in the countryside, killing hundreds.
Have you ever listened to young children talking in the playground? They are always boasting. They say things like, "My Dad's car is bigger than your Dad's," and "My Mom is smarter than yours." They particularly like to boast about their families.   There were three little boys, Harry, Ted and Gavin, who were always boasting. Gavin was the worst. Everything about his family was always the best or the biggest or the most expensive.   Whatever the others said, he could always go on better. One day when they were walking to   school, Harry said, "My father had a bath twice a week," Ted spoke next. "That's nothing," he said. "Having a bath twice a week is dirty. My father has a bath every day, sometimes twice a day." Ted looked at Gavin. Now it was his turn. But what could he say? "This time," Ted thought, "I'm going to win." Gavin didn't know what to say. He couldn't say that his father had a bath three times a day. That was silly. He walked on in silence. Ted smiled at Harry, and Harry smiled back. They were sure that for once they had beaten Gavin. They reached the school gates. Still Gavin said nothing. "We've won," Ted said to Harry, but he spoke too soon. On the way home, Gavin said, "My Dad is so clean that he doesn't have to bathe at all."
Teenagers in the UK and the US get to watch some wonderful TV shows. Why not have a look at a few of them yourself and take the chance to practice your English at the same time?   Modern Family   Network: ABC   Number of seasons: 3   The TV drama features two families, modern and traditional. The first is a typical American family with 3 adolescent children. Claire is a traditional mom, while Phil, the father, wants to be friends with his three children; he can name all the songs in the hit film High School Musical.   The second family is made up of a 60- year-old man, Jay, his attractive young Latin American wife, Gloria , and her 11-year-old son, Alex. Jay is 30 years older than Gloria and everyone thinks they are father and daughter.   2 Broke Girls   Network: CBS   Number of seasons: 1   Max Black is a cafe waitress and babysitter in Brooklyn, New York; Caroline Channing is the daughter of a Manhattan millionaire.   Neither of them ever imagined making friends with the other. But when Caroline loses all of her fortune after her father goes to prison, she applies for a job as a waitress in the same cafe and has to learn from Max.   Problems are unavoidable, but luckily, kind-hearted girls can always make things work out. They turn out to be great at helping each other out in their endless struggle against strange customers and picky bosses. Gradually a friendship develops.   True Blood   Network: HBO   Number of seasons: 4   Vampires live on in countless books, movies and television shows. If the Twilight series got you interested in vampire myths, then look no further than True Blood for another exciting adventure. Sookie Statckhouse is a small-town waitress. She is also telepathic . A meet with Bill Compton in a bar turns her life upside down. Bill is a vampire and that night Sookie saves him from a murder attempt. Sookie then becomes involved in a series of murder cases. The love between Sookie and Bill adds a touch of romance to a thrilling story.   Merlin   Network: BBC   Number of seasons:4   King Arthur is one of the most important mythical figures in England. But the BBC tells a slightly different story from the legend. Instead of focusing on Arthur, it is Merlin, the wizard who helps Arthur all the way through his adventures, who takes the lead role. Rather than the wise old wizard who instructs Arthur in the legend, the TV dram turns him into a handsome young man. Merlin meets Arthur in the kingdom of Camelot and believes that he is an arrogant bully . Arthur, likewise, has a less than great opinion of Merlin. The series focuses on how a friendship grows between the two.
Louisville ( , or ) is the largest city in the Commonwealth of Kentucky and the 29th-most populous city in the United States. It is one of two cities in Kentucky designated as first-class, the other being the state's second-largest city of Lexington. Louisville is the historical seat and, since 2003, the nominal seat of Jefferson County.   Louisville was founded in 1778 by George Rogers Clark and is named after King Louis XVI of France, making Louisville one of the oldest cities west of the Appalachian Mountains. Sited beside the Falls of the Ohio, the only major obstruction to river traffic between the upper Ohio River and the Gulf of Mexico, the settlement first grew as a portage site. It was the founding city of the Louisville and Nashville Railroad, which grew into a system across 13 states. Today, the city is known as the home of the Kentucky Derby, Kentucky Fried Chicken, the University of Louisville and its Louisville Cardinals athletic teams, Louisville Slugger baseball bats, and three of Kentucky's six "Fortune" 500 companies. Its main airport is also the site of United Parcel Service's worldwide air hub.   Since 2003, Louisville's borders have been the same as those of Jefferson County because of a city-county merger. The official name of this consolidated city-county government is the Louisville/Jefferson County Metro Government, abbreviated to Louisville Metro. Despite the merger and renaming, the term "Jefferson County" continues to be used in some contexts in reference to Louisville Metro, particularly including the incorporated cities outside the "balance" which make up Louisville proper. The city's total consolidated population as of the 2014 census estimate was 760,026. However, the balance total of 612,780 excludes other incorporated places and semiautonomous towns within the county and is the population listed in most sources and national rankings.
New Zealand's center-right National Party, led by Prime Minister John Key, won Saturday's general election with 48% of the vote, according to a complete preliminary count.   It was followed by the Labour Party, which took 25% of the vote, the Green Party with 10%, and the New Zealand First Party with 9%, the Electoral Commission said.   The National Party won 61 of 121 seats in the New Zealand parliament, but in his acceptance speech Key said he would seek alliances with smaller parties.   "I feel humbled and energized by the prospect of a third term. Over the next few days I will talk to other political parties with the view of putting together a broader majority," he said.   Pre-election polls had put Key in the lead to win a third term. In polling for "preferred prime minister," Key had 43% support, compared with 12% for Labour's David Cunliffe -- this despite allegations on the campaign trail that the prime minister lied to the nation by covertly approving a widespread spying program while publicly denying it. Key rejected the claims.   One of the most vocal critics of Key has been German tech entrepreneur Kim Dotcom, who has been a New Zealand resident since 2010.   While he could not run for office, the Megaupload founder has gradually emerged as a player on the fringe of New Zealand politics, as he fights a legal battle in New Zealand courts to avoid extradition to the U.S. on criminal copyright charges.   Earlier this year, Dotcom founded a political party, the Internet Party, which teamed up with the Maori nationalist Mana Party to contest the 2014 election. They campaigned for a more inclusive society, greater digital rights and an end to government electronic surveillance. 
Henry Ford grew up on an un-electrified farm, and as a young man he followed Edison's career as the inventor became a national role model.Ford took a job at the Edison Illuminating Company working his way up to chief engineer.   In 1896 Ford was thirty-three and, though still working for Edison Co.,he had created his first experimental automobile the Ford Quadricycle2 during his off-time. At an Edison company party in New York, Ford had his first chance to meet his hero Edison and was able to explain his new automobile to the great inventor. _ Young man, that's the thing! You have it! Your car is self-contained and carries its own power plant." Edison himself had been working on the idea, but had only been considering electricity as the power source, so the idea of a gas engine was a somewhat new one.   The words comforted Ford greatly, who immediately set out building a second car which was to become the Model-T.6.The two men became f'ast friends and would go on camping trips together.When Edison later became limited to a wheelchair, Ford brought an extra one to his house so they could race.At the 50th anniversary of the invention of light-bulb, Ford honored Edison.When Edison spoke, he ended his speech directed at Ford:" As to Henry Ford, words fail to express my feelings.I can only say that he is my friend." Therefore it is no surprise that Ford wanted something to remember Edison by after he passed away in 1931.   Once, Ford asked Thomas Edison's son Charles to sit by the dying inventor's bedside and hold a test tube next to his father's mouth to catch his final breath. Ford was a man with many strange behaviors( as was Edison)including some interest in reanimation and spiritualism and some say that he was attempting to catch Edison's soul as it escaped his body in hopes of later bringing the inventor back to life.   The test tube itself didn't turn up until 1950 when it was listed in the Ford possessions after Clara Ford's passing away, and then lost again until 1978 when it was discovered in an exhibit Entitled "Henry Ford-A Personal History" in the Henry Ford Museum.It would then be discovered that the tube was labeled "Edison's Last Breath".   There is a further mystery of this "last breath" test tube. It would seem as if Edison had quite a last breath indeed, as the Edison Estate holds a collection of 42 test tubes all supposedly containing Edison's last breath.   Regardless of the excitement over the last breath, the test tube is quite touching in its meaning.Although both men were known for all sorts of poor behavior towards .their loved ones and mistreatment of employees, between them at least, there was clearly a deep respect and admiration.
True Manliness   "Please, mother, do sit down and let me try my hand,"said Fred Liscom, a bright active boy, twelve years old. Mrs. Liscom, looking pale and worn, was moving languidly about, trying to clear away the breakfast she had scarcely tasted.   She smiled and said, "You, Fred, you wash dishes?"   "Yes, indeed, mother," answered Fred. "I should be a poor scholar if I couldn't, when I've seen you do it so many times. Just try me."   A look of relief came over his mother's face as she seated herself in her low rocking chair. Fred washed the dishes and put them in the closet. He swept the kitchen, brought up the potatoes from the cellar for the dinner and washed them, and then set out for school.   Fred's father was away from home and as there was some cold meat in the pantry , Mrs. Liscom found it an easy task to prepare dinner. Fred hurried home from school, set the table, and again washed the dishes.   He kept on in this way for two or three days, until his mother was able to resume her usual work. He felt amply rewarded when the doctor, who happened in one day, said, "Well, madam, it's my opinion that you would have been very sick if you had not kept quiet."   The doctor did not know how the "quiet" had been secured, nor how the boy's heart bounded at his words. Fred had given up a great deal of what boys hold dear, for the purpose of helping his mother, coasting and skating being just at this time in perfection.   Besides this, his temper and his patience had been severely tried. He had been in the habit of going early to school and staying to play after it was dismissed.   The boys missed him and their curiosity was excited when he would give no other reason for not coming to school earlier, or staying after school, than that he was "Wanted at home."   "I'll tell you," said Tom Barton, "I'll find him out, boys-see if I don't!"   So, one morning on his way to school, he called on Fred. As he went around to the side door, he walked lightly and somewhat nearer the kitchen window than was ly needful. Looking in, he saw Fred standing at the table with a dishcloth in his hand.   Of course he reported this at school, and various were the greetings poor Fred received at recess ."Well, you're a brave one to stay at home washing dishes!""Girl boy!" "Pretty Bessie!""Lost your apron, haven't you, Polly!"   Fred was not wanting either in spirit or in courage, and he was strongly tempted to resent these insults and to fight some of his tormentors . But his consciousness of right and his love for his mother helped him.   While he was struggling for self-mastery, his teacher appeared at the door of the schoolhouse. Fred caught his eye, and it seemed to look, if it did not say, "Don't give up! Be really brave!" He knew the teacher had heard the insulting taunts of his thoughtless schoolmates.   The boys received notice during the day that Fred must not be taunted in any manner. They knew that the teacher meant what he said; and so the brave little boy had no further trouble.
Timo Glock faces an uncertain future in Formula One after parting company with Marussia ahead of the new season.   The 30-year-old German, who was expected to partner rookie Max Chilton for the 2013 campaign, had been with the team since it began as Virgin back in 2010.   Glock made his debut for Jordan in 2004 before going on to spend two years at Toyota.   But Marussia are in need of a driver who can attract sponsorship to the team, a key factor in the decision to cut ties.   Domenicali: Ferrari 'right' to retain Massa   "I have had three excellent years with the Marussia F1 Team, during which I had the chance to actively participate in building and developing the team in its endeavours to succeed within the Formula 1 World Championship," Glock said in a statement.   "I would like to wish the team good luck in navigating this next period and thank everyone for the great times we shared and the support I have received.   "Although it is not the path I expected to be taking, I am in fact very excited about what the future holds in terms of my own career and I hope to comment on that very soon."   Team principal John Booth revealed that there were financial factors which led to Glock's departure following the team's failure to hang on to 10th place in the constructors' championship.   "Timo is a fantastic driver and he has been a very popular member of the team," he told reporters. 
World War II lasted from 1939 to 1945. Life changed for everybody, including women and children because of the war. Millions of people lost their lives during the war. The Diary of a Young Girl was a record of that time. The book was written by a girl named Anne Frank. Anne Frank was born in Germany in June 1929. Because the German Nazi hated the Jews and warned to kill them, her family had to move to another country. In July 1942, they went into hiding in a secret place in her father's office. During that difficult time, Anne kept writing diaries until she and her family were discovered by the Nazis in August 1944. They were caught and sent to a Nazi camp. The next year, her mother died. In the same year, she and her elder sister died of illness, before the war ended. After the war, her father collected her diaries and the book The Diary of a Young Girl came out in 1947. It has been put into over 30 languages since then. The book has been read by people all over the world. In her diary, Anne wrote down her thoughts, her feelings, her hopes and her dreams for the future, "I want the diary to be my friend, and I'm going to call this friend Kitty." "I can't spend all day complaining because it's impossible to have any fun! ... Every day, I feel the beauty of nature and the goodness of the people around me. With all that, why should 1 be sad?" The Diary of a Young Girl has also become a symbol of the greatness of the human spirit. It is called one of the wisest and most moving records on war.
The American Broadcasting Company (ABC) (stylized in its logo as abc since 1957) is an American commercial broadcast television network that is owned by the Disney–ABC Television Group, a subsidiary of Disney Media Networks division of The Walt Disney Company. The network is part of the Big Three television networks. The network is headquartered on Columbus Avenue and West 66th Street in Manhattan, with additional major offices and production facilities in New York City, Los Angeles and Burbank, California.   ABC originally launched on October 12, 1943 as a radio network, separated from and serving as the successor to the NBC Blue Network, which had been purchased by Edward J. Noble. It extended its operations to television in 1948, following in the footsteps of established broadcast networks CBS and NBC. In the mid-1950s, ABC merged with United Paramount Theatres, a chain of movie theaters that formerly operated as a subsidiary of Paramount Pictures. Leonard Goldenson, who had been the head of UPT, made the new television network profitable by helping develop and greenlight many successful series. In the 1980s, after purchasing an 80% interest in cable sports channel ESPN, the network's parent merged with Capital Cities Communications, owner of several print publications, and television and radio stations. In 1996, most of Capital Cities/ABC's assets were purchased by The Walt Disney Company.
Once there was a turkey named Tim, who enjoyed playing house, playing football and riding his bicycle all the time. His favorite food would be corn, which he enjoys licking when it is still on the cob. But his parents spank him to try to get him to stop doing that, as he often burns his tongue when the cob is too hot. He enjoys watching football games as well, he always cheers and claps for his favorite team, the Gobblers. In a game he watched last week, the other team, a chicken team named the Clucks, were playing as well. It was a close game, but the Gobblers ended up winning with a little luck. Tim's best friend was also watching the game, Tony the lizard, and they both enjoyed watching the game together!
Even though there is a broad scientific agreement that essentialist and typological conceptualizations of race are untenable, scientists around the world continue to conceptualize race in widely differing ways, some of which have essentialist implications. While some researchers sometimes use the concept of race to make distinctions among fuzzy sets of traits, others in the scientific community suggest that the idea of race often is used in a naive or simplistic way,[page needed] and argue that, among humans, race has no taxonomic significance by pointing out that all living humans belong to the same species, Homo sapiens, and subspecies, Homo sapiens sapiens.   There is a wide consensus that the racial categories that are common in everyday usage are socially constructed, and that racial groups cannot be biologically defined. Nonetheless, some scholars argue that racial categories obviously correlate with biological traits (e.g. phenotype) to some degree, and that certain genetic markers have varying frequencies among human populations, some of which correspond more or less to traditional racial groupings. For this reason, there is no current consensus about whether racial categories can be considered to have significance for understanding human genetic variation.
Political corruption is the use of powers by government officials for illegitimate private gain. An illegal act by an officeholder constitutes political corruption only if the act is directly related to their official duties, is done under color of law or involves trading in influence.   Forms of corruption vary, but include bribery, extortion, cronyism, nepotism, gombeenism, parochialism patronage, influence peddling, graft, and embezzlement. Corruption may facilitate criminal enterprise such as drug trafficking, money laundering, and human trafficking, though is not restricted to these activities. Misuse of government power for other purposes, such as repression of political opponents and general police brutality, is also considered political corruption.   The activities that constitute illegal corruption differ depending on the country or jurisdiction. For instance, some political funding practices that are legal in one place may be illegal in another. In some cases, government officials have broad or ill-defined powers, which make it difficult to distinguish between legal and illegal actions. Worldwide, bribery alone is estimated to involve over 1 trillion US dollars annually. A state of unrestrained political corruption is known as a kleptocracy, literally meaning "rule by thieves".
The man whose face was chewed off by a naked man in a brutal assault in Miami says he doesn't know why his attacker singled him out, according to CNN affiliate WFOR.   "He attacked me," Ronald Poppo said of his assailant in a police recording obtained by the affiliate and broadcast Thursday. "He just ripped me to ribbons. He chewed up my face. He plucked out my eyes. Basically that's all there is to say about it."   Poppo, who is now blind, said he initially thought Rudy Eugene, 31, was "a good guy."   "But he just went and turned berserk," he recalled of the May incident. "He apparently didn't have a good day at the beach and he -- he was coming back. And I guess he took it out, took it out on me or something. I don't know."   Poppo's statements were made and recorded during a July 19 interview with Miami police.   Eugene was killed by a police officer after the 18-minute attack, which was captured by on video by a surveillance camera.   It shows Eugene coming across 65-year-old Poppo on a sidewalk along Miami's MacArthur Causeway, stripping clothes off him and eventually chewing on his face. Police said Poppo lost 75% of his face in the attack.   A police official initially theorized that Eugene was under the influence of "bath salts," a drug that contains synthetic stimulants that can "cause chest pains, increased blood pressure, increased heart rate, agitation, hallucinations, extreme paranoia and delusions," according to the National Institute of Drug Abuse. 
A geodesic dome is a hemispherical thin-shell structure (lattice-shell) based on a geodesic polyhedron. The triangular elements of the dome are structurally rigid and distribute the structural stress throughout the structure, making geodesic domes able to withstand very heavy loads for their size.   The first dome that could be called "geodesic" in every respect was designed after World War I by Walther Bauersfeld, chief engineer of the Carl Zeiss optical company, for a planetarium to house his planetarium projector. A first, small dome was patented, constructed by the firm of Dykerhoff and Wydmann on the roof of the Zeiss plant in Jena, Germany. A larger dome, called "The Wonder of Jena", opened to the public in July 1926. Some 20 years later, R. Buckminster Fuller named the dome "geodesic" from field experiments with artist Kenneth Snelson at Black Mountain College in 1948 and 1949. Although Fuller was not the original inventor, he is credited with the U.S. popularization of the idea for which he received U.S. patent 2,682,235 29 June 1954.   The geodesic dome appealed to Fuller because it was extremely strong for its weight, its "omnitriangulated" surface provided an inherently stable structure, and because a sphere encloses the greatest volume for the least surface area.
Inside the Charles Manson room at the Museum of Death in Hollywood, Anne Forde looks at crime scene photos from the 1969 Tate-LaBianca murders.   "I was a kid when he was involved in these crimes," says Forde, who grew up in County Cork, Ireland. "It's just been a fascination for me ever since."   "His eyes just stand out and look crazy," says Debbie Roberts, who was visiting the museum from Kentucky. "I can see how people followed him."   A few miles away on Saturday mornings, Scott Michaels is hosting the "Helter Skelter Tragical History Tour." For $65, you can buy a bus seat to see where the murders took place, as Michaels tells the story of Helter Skelter.   "We have people from around the world that sign up," says Michaels. "We added an additional anniversary tour, which is sold out."   August 9 marks the 45th anniversary of the murders of Sharon Tate and four others on Cielo Drive in the Benedict Canyon neighborhood of Los Angeles. Tate, who was 8Â½ months pregnant and married to movie director Roman Polanski, was stabbed 16 times as she pleaded for the life of her unborn child. The next night, supermarket executive Leno LaBianca and Rosemary LaBianca were tortured and killed inside their home near Hollywood.   Fast facts: Manson family murders   Since then, Charles Manson, who was convicted of orchestrating the murders, has been the focus of continued fascination.   "People seem to be fascinated by things that are strange and bizarre," says Vincent Bugliosi, sitting in his Los Angeles-area living room. 
Forget that chair. Better yet, sit on it. Clint Eastwood is back doing what he's supposed to be doing in "Trouble With the Curve," a sentimental baseball saga that is the inverse of "Moneyball" in almost every respect and shows the star's still got what it takes to carry a movie home.   Film stars aren't always the best judge of when it to call it a day, and you might fear the worst as Eastwood grouses about his pee in the first scene. Surely this isn't the curve he's troubled about?   But of course that's wrong: Eastwood knows best. Part of his longevity as a star comes from his readiness to probe his own weaknesses, and it should come as no surprise that he's candid -- and funny -- about the frailties of old age.   His character, Gus, is a scout for the Braves, one of the best there ever was. But has he still got what it takes? Not only is he computer illiterate, but the guy still reads newspapers. That's not all: He's losing his eyesight, and though he's doing his best to hide it, it's getting harder to explain the rapid accumulation of dinks and dents in his convertible.   Things come to a head the week before the draft. He's sent to North Carolina to check out the next big slugger. His buddy Pete (John Goodman) begs Gus' daughter, Mickey (Amy Adams), to cover his back.   A hotshot lawyer on the verge of making partner, she's got plenty of reasons to turn him down flat, including that her dad's a cranky and uncommunicative curmudgeon and always has been. In her childhood, he dragged her round ball fields or packed her off to boarding school without ever thinking to ask her preference, and she's been in therapy since college. She goes anyway. You won't need 20/20 vision to see what's coming next. 
Sitting in the first lady's box listening to the President Barack Obama push for movement on immigration reform, Cristian Avila no longer had to keep his head down and live in fear of being deported.   While the President dedicated only a brief part of his State of the Union address to immigration, his message went beyond his speech, and the evidence was sitting among the guests invited to join the first lady in the viewing box.   "I feel honored and excited to be here. If it wasn't for receiving my DACA last summer I wouldn't have been able to attend the State of the Union," Avila told CNN.   The 23-year-old and his siblings are just one of the many thousands of recipients of the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA). Avila was illegally brought into the United States with his younger brother and sister when he was 9 years old   DACA is a government program enacted in 2012 that stopped deporting some undocumented young people and instead granted them temporary work authorization and a two-year reprieve from deportation.   Obama hits the road to push State of the Union message   The recipients have become one of the most visible groups advocating for immigration reform.   Avila caught the attention of the Obama administration during his 22-day fast on the National Mall in support of immigration reform last November. And, for the last two years, Avila's been working as a voter engagement coordinator for Mi Familia Vota, a non-profit Latino civic engagement program. 
Narayanan Krishnan was a bright, young, award-winning chef with a five-star hotel group in Switzerland. But a quick family visit home before heading for Europe changed everything. He saw a very old man under a bridge eating his own human waste for food while visiting a friend in the south Indian city of Madurai in 502. Shocked by this, Krishnan gave up his job within the week and returned home for good, convinced of his new cause.   "That inspiration is a driving force still inside me as a flame--to serve all the mentally ill and the people who cannot take care of themselves," Krishnan said. He founded the organization Akshaya Trust in 503. In Hindu mythology , Goddess Annapoorani's "Akshaya bowl" fed the hungry endlessly, never using up its resources. Now 14, he has served more than 1.2 million meals--breakfast, lunch and dinner to India's homeless and the poor.   Krishnan's day begins at 4 a.m. He and his team cover nearly 110 miles, routinely working in temperatures topping 100 degrees Fahrenheit. The hot meals he delivers are simple, tasty vegetarian food he personally prepares, packs and often hand-feeds to nearly 400 people each day.   Krishnan carries the barber's tools and is trained in eight haircut styles that, along with a fresh shave, provide extra dignity to those he serves.   He says many of the homeless seldom know their names or birthplaces, and none has the ability to beg, ask for help or offer thanks. They may be unfriendly or ill-willed because of their conditions, but Krishnan says this only makes him offer help more willingly.
Angola , officially the Republic of Angola ( ; Kikongo, Kimbundu and Umbundu: "Repubilika ya Ngola"), is a country in Southern Africa. It is the seventh-largest country in Africa and is bordered by Namibia to the south, the Democratic Republic of the Congo to the north, Zambia to the east, and the Atlantic Ocean to west. The exclave province of Cabinda has borders with the Republic of the Congo and the Democratic Republic of the Congo. The capital and largest city of Angola is Luanda.   Although its territory has been inhabited since the Paleolithic Era, what is now the modern country of Angola was influenced by Portuguese colonisation, which began with, and was for centuries limited to, coastal settlements and trading posts established beginning in the 16th century. In the 19th century, European settlers slowly and hesitantly began to establish themselves in the interior. As a Portuguese colony, Angola did not encompass its present borders until the early 20th century, following resistance by groups such as the Cuamato, the Kwanyama and the Mbunda. Independence was achieved in 1975 under a Marxist-Leninist one party state, backed by the Soviet Union and Cuba after a protracted anti-colonial struggle. However, the country soon descended into an even lengthier civil war that lasted until 2002. It has since become a relatively stable unitary presidential republic.
There once was an alligator named Albert (who wore an office shirt). He had two good friends - Lock the cat and Gary the hamster. Gary often rode around in Albert's shirt pocket, since it would be hard for him to keep up with Albert and Lock as they walked around. One day, as they were wandering around, a storm popped up, forcing them to hurry indoors to deal with it. Unfortunately for them, they couldn't find a building quickly, so they ended up being frosted over by the dangerous weather. "If we don't get out of this soon, I might die!" yelled Gary, who was cold. "Don't worry, no one's going to die!" yelled Albert, who, as a reptile, was even worse off than Gary. Luckily, they found a house after leaving the forest, which happened to be near the ocean. They ran inside, and dried off, before they headed to sleep.
"Find a job you love, and you'll never work a day in your life." Do you agree with this old saying? Joanne Gordon does. She is the author of Be Happy at work and other books about careers . Gordon believes that about 30% of employees in North America do not like their jobs, and she thinks that is terrible. She wants to help people who do not feel satisfied with their jobs find work that is good for them. Joanne says, "There are no happy jobs, only happy workers." She believes that happy workers share three main characteristics.   First, happy workers enjoy the daily activities of their jobs, and they look forward to the workday. Take Tony Hawk, for example. At age 14, he became a professional skateboarder. Now he is a businessman working on projects related to skateboarding--films and video games, but he still skates every day. He once said, "My youngest son's pre-school was recently asked what their dads do for work. My son said, 'I've never seen my dad do work.'" Tony agrees that his job doesn't look like work. He has found a way to spend each day doing a job he enjoys.   Second, happy workers like the people they work with. Sally Ayote says, "I work with the coolest people in the world." She and her group cook for almost 1,200 people in Antarctica. Most of these people are scientists who are doing research. Sally loves to sit and talk with them. She says, "There is no television here, no radio, so I get to know the scientists and what they're studying." Sally thinks she has a great job, and the best part about it is the people.   Third, happy workers know that their work helps others. Caroline Baron's work helps people who have had to leave their home countries because of war or other dangers. She is a filmmaker who started an organization called FilmAid, which shows movies in refugee camps around the world. Caroline believes that movies can be very helpful in these camps. For one thing, entertaining movies let refugees forget their troubles for a little while. Movies can also teach important subjects like health and safety. For example, in one camp, thousands of refugees saw a movie about how to get clean water. Caroline knows that is helping other people, and this makes her feel proud and happy about her work.   Tony Hawk, Sally Ayote, and Caroline Baron all get great satisfaction from their work. Tony Hawk says, "Find the thing you love. If you are doing what you love, there is much more happiness there than being rich or famous." Joanne Gordon would agree. She encourages people to find something they enjoy doing, find people they like to work with, and find ways to help others. Then they can be proud of what they do, and they will probably be happy at work.
Paramount Pictures Corporation (also known simply as Paramount) is an American film studio based in Hollywood, California, that has been a subsidiary of the American media conglomerate Viacom since 1994. Paramount is the fifth oldest surviving film studio in the world, the second oldest in the United States, and the sole member of the "Big Six" film studios still located in the Los Angeles neighborhood of Hollywood. In 1916, film producer Adolph Zukor contracted 22 actors and actresses and honored each with a star on the logo. These fortunate few would become the first "movie stars." In 2014, Paramount Pictures became the first major Hollywood studio to distribute all of its films in digital form only.   Paramount Pictures is a member of the Motion Picture Association of America (MPAA).   The company's headquarters and studios are located in 5555 Melrose Avenue, Hollywood, California, United States.   Paramount is the fifth oldest surviving film studio in the world after the French studios Gaumont Film Company (1895) and Pathé (1896), followed by the Nordisk Film company (1906), and Universal Studios (1912). It is the last major film studio still headquartered in the Hollywood district of Los Angeles.   Paramount Pictures dates its existence from the 1912 founding date of the Famous Players Film Company. Hungarian-born founder, Adolph Zukor, who had been an early investor in nickelodeons, saw that movies appealed mainly to working-class immigrants. With partners Daniel Frohman and Charles Frohman he planned to offer feature-length films that would appeal to the middle class by featuring the leading theatrical players of the time (leading to the slogan "Famous Players in Famous Plays"). By mid-1913, Famous Players had completed five films, and Zukor was on his way to success. Its first film was "Les Amours de la reine Élisabeth", which starred Sarah Bernhardt.
Hans said to his friend Kurt, "I'm going to take my car to drive to London." Kurt said, "Driving to London is very hard. You aren't going to find your hotel." But Hans was not afraid. He drove to Calais, put his car on the ship, took it off at Dover, and drove to London. He stopped near the city and looked at his map. Then he drove into London, but he did not find his hotel. He drove round and round for an hour, and then he stopped and got out of his car. A taxi came, and Hans stopped it. "Take me to the Brussels Hotel," he said. But he did not get into the taxi: he got back into his car. The taxi man laughed, but then he drove to the Brussels Hotel, and Hans followed him in his car. They reached the hotel in two minutes. ,.
Isabella Stewart was born in New York City in 1 840.Her father made a great deal of money in the trade.During school,her parents took her to Italy to explore the country's many cultural treasures.   One of the private art collections Isabella visited in Milan had a deep influence on her.She wrote to her friends about her dream of owning a house one day with an art collection like the one she had seen in Italy.   In Paris,Isabella became close friends with one of her classmates,Julia Gardner,whose family was from Boston.Julia would later introduce Isabella to her brother,Jack.In 1 860,Isabella Stewart married Jack Gardner.   The couple had too much art to fit inside their home.So they decided to start planning a museum.Mrs. Gardner didn't like the cold and empty.spaces of many museums during her time.She wanted a warm museum filled with light.She once said that she decided years ago that the greatest need in her country was art.America was a young country developing quickly in other areas.But the country needed more chances for people to See beautiful examples of art.   After her husband's death in 1 898.Isabella knew she had no time to lose in building her museum.She bought land,hired a building designer,and supervised every detail of her museum's construction.   Mrs.Gardner opened her museum on January 1,1 903,which was then called Fenway Court.She invited her friends that night for a special musical performance.The next month,she opened the museum to the public.At first,visits were limited to twenty days out of the year.Visitors paid one dollar to enter.   Isabella Stewart Gardner died in 1 924 in Boston.In her will,she left the museum a million dollars and a series of requirements about how it should be managed, one that the permanent collection cannot be changed.
Time is an American weekly news magazine published in New York City. It was founded in 1923 and for decades was dominated by Henry Luce, who built a highly profitable stable of magazines.   A European edition ("Time Europe", formerly known as "Time Atlantic") is published in London and also covers the Middle East, Africa and, since 2003, Latin America. An Asian edition ("Time Asia") is based in Hong Kong. The South Pacific edition, which covers Australia, New Zealand and the Pacific Islands, is based in Sydney, Australia. In December 2008, "Time" discontinued publishing a Canadian advertiser edition.   "Time" has the world's largest circulation for a weekly news magazine, and has a readership of 26 million, 20 million of which are based in the United States.   In mid-2016, its circulation was 3,032,581, having fallen from 3.3 million in 2012.   Richard Stengel was the managing editor from May 2006 to October 2013, when he joined the U.S. State Department. Nancy Gibbs has been the managing editor since October 2013.   "Time" magazine was created in 1923 by Briton Hadden and Henry Luce, making it the first weekly news magazine in the United States. The two had previously worked together as chairman and managing editor respectively of the "Yale Daily News." They first called the proposed magazine "Facts". They wanted to emphasize brevity, so that a busy man could read it in an hour. They changed the name to "Time" and used the slogan "Take Time–It's Brief". Hadden was considered carefree and liked to tease Luce and saw "Time" as important but also fun, which accounted for its heavy coverage of celebrities (including politicians), the entertainment industry, and pop culture—criticized as too light for serious news.
Andy loved the first grade. He loved his teacher,Mrs.Parks. He loved playing games on the playground. He loved learning about dinosaurs and the solar system .   Every morning Andy's mother dropped him off in front of his school on South Street. One foggy morning,the traffic was so bad on South Street that she decided to drop him off behind the school. Andy walked for about ten minutes and got to the gate. He held the icy handle,but it didn't move!Using both hands,he tried his hardest and finally the gate opened.   After Andy closed the gate behind him,he looked in the direction of the teaching building. But all he could see was fog. He got to the spot where the slide had always been,but it was not there."The slide is gone!" he cried. He walked a little more to look for the swings,but they were not where they had always been."The swings are gone!" he cried again.   Andy kept walking. He was so anxious to see the school that he fell and landed on the ground. He still couldn't see the school. A terrible thought appeared in his head."The school is gone!" he cried sadly. No more games with Jennie,Angel and Dillon,he thought. No more reading about dinosaurs. No more watching videos on the solar system...   Suddenly the boy saw something up ahead."It's Jennie!"he shouted. Then he saw the outline of a school building. His school was still there!He was full of excitement!   "Hi,Jennie!" he stood up and caught up with the girl."I couldn't see the school. I thought it was gone." Jennie just laughed."You're so silly." "What happened to the slide and the swings?" Andy asked.   "We will have new playground equipment today," Jennie answered."The old equipment was taken away last night. Don't you remember Mrs. Parks telling us about it yesterday?" "I guess I forgot," Andy said,smiling."Anyway,I'm glad the school is here."
Five-time winner Roger Federer opened his U.S. Open account Monday with a straight sets win over Santiago Giraldo in New York.   Despite surrendering his serve three times, the 30-year-old Swiss enjoyed a relatively comfortable match against the Colombian, ranked 54 in the world, winning 6-4 6-3 6-2 on the Arthur Ashe Stadium court.   Leading 5-1 in the opening set, a number of uncharacteristic errors from Federer saw him squander a double-break advantage before he finally rallied to win 6-4.   The second and third sets were more straight-forward, though the world number three will be concerned about his winners-to-unforced errors ratio -- he finished with 36 winners and 35 unforced errors.   "It was quite up and down, getting used to the conditions," admitted Federer, in quotes carried by usopen.org.   "I don't think I've ever played my best in the first round but it's important to come through them and come up with a good feeling."   Home favorite Mardy Fish was ruthlessly efficient as he easily dispatched Germany's Tobias Kamke 6-2 6-2 6-1.   However fellow American Ryan Harrison was not so fortunate. The 19-year old lost out to big-serving Croat Marin Cilic, 6-2, 7-5, 7-6 (8/6).   Seventh seed Gael Monfils ruined the U.S. Open debut of Grigor Dimitrov of Bulgaria with a battling 7-6, 6-3, 6-4 victory, while Czech Tomas Berdych, the number nine seed, beat French qualifier Romain Jouan 6-2, 7-6 (7/4), 6-1.   Elsewhere, French 13th seed Richard Gasquet trounced Ukrainian Sergiy Stakhovsky 6-4 6-4 6-0, Serbian Janko Tipsarevic ousted France's Augustin Gensse 6-2 7-5 6-0, while Czech Radek Stepanek beat Germany's Philipp Kohlschreiber 6-4 6-1 6-3. 
Mark Twain is a name not usually connected with Broadway , but now his play "Is He Dead" will receive its first public performance on November 29. "Is He Dead" was written by Mark Twain in 1898 but was never performed. It was rediscovered in 2002 by Shelley Fisher Fishkin, an English professor and director of the American Studies Program at Stanford University. It was published the following year by the University of California Press. The story is about a group of poor artists who fake the death of their friend in order to increase the value of his work. "Is He Dead" is set in France in the 1840s and centers on the French painter Jean-Francois Millet. "Millet was probably the most popular European painter in the United States in Twain's lifetime," Fishkin said in a telephone interview. "Americans greatly admired him because he focused on the life of the common man and the common woman." According to Fishkin, "Is He Dead" is a satire about how value is created in the art world. Twain wrote the play when he was coming out of the hardest time of his life.
Trondheim (), historically Kaupangen, Nidaros and Trondhjem, is a city and municipality in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway. It has a population of 187,353 (January 1, 2016), and is the third most populous municipality in Norway, although the fourth largest urban area. It is the third largest city in the country, with a population (2013) of 169,972 inhabitants within the city borders. The city functions as the administrative centre of Sør-Trøndelag county. Trondheim lies on the south shore of Trondheim Fjord at the mouth of the River Nidelva. The city is dominated by the Norwegian University of Science and Technology (NTNU), the Foundation for Scientific and Industrial Research (SINTEF), St. Olavs University Hospital and other technology-oriented institutions.   The settlement was founded in 997 as a trading post, and it served as the capital of Norway during the Viking Age until 1217. From 1152 to 1537, the city was the seat of the Catholic Archdiocese of Nidaros; since then, it has remained the seat of the Lutheran Diocese of Nidaros and the Nidaros Cathedral. It was incorporated in 1838. The current municipality dates from 1964, when Trondheim merged with Byneset, Leinstrand, Strinda and Tiller.   The city was originally given the name by Olav Tryggvason. It was for a long time called "Nidaros" (), or "Niðaróss" in the Old Norse spelling. But it was also just called "kaupangr" ("city") or, more specifically, "kaupangr í Þróndheimi" ("the city in the district Þróndheimr", i.e. Trøndelag). In the late Middle Ages people started to call the city just "Þróndheimr". In the Dano-Norwegian period, during the years as a provincial town in the united kingdoms of Denmark-Norway, the city name was spelled "Trondhjem".
Sen. Harry Reid, 75, is recovering at home after he broke "a number of ribs and bones in his face" when he was exercising, his office said Friday in a statement.   The Nevada Democrat was using a piece of equipment to exercise on Thursday when it broke, causing him to fall.   His doctors expect a full recovery, and he's set to return to Washington over the weekend before the Senate reconvenes next week.   According to the statement, the Senate Democratic Leader was treated and admitted overnight as a precaution at University Medical Center in Las Vegas after first being transported to St. Rose Dominican Hospital in Henderson by his security detail.   President Barack Obama called Reid on Friday, White House spokesman Eric Schultz told reporters, "to wish him a full and speedy recovery."   Reid's office later announced Friday that Reid had been discharged from the hospital.   "He spent the day with his wife, Landra, talking to fellow senators, friends and staff and preparing for the Senate's return," Reid's Deputy Communications Director said in an emailed statement Friday. "He sends his thanks to all those who sent warm wishes and is ready to get back to work."   RELATED: Harry Reid Fast Facts   Sen. Jeff Flake, R-Arizona, was quick to make a joke and wish his colleague well.   It's not the first time Reid has hurt his ribs in recent years. In October 2012, his motorcade was involved in a multi-car accident in Nevada that left him with rib and hip contusions. He went to the hospital but was released shortly afterward. 
Eco City Farms are becoming more popular in cities and towns around the Unites States.   Eco City Farms in Edmonton, Maryland, is located near shopping centers, car repair shops and homes. The neighborhood is a working-class community . People do not have very much money. And they have limited access to fresh food in markets.   Over the past two years, the farm has attracted volunteers from the community like Marcy Clark. She schools her four children at home. On a recent day she brought them to Eco City Farms for a lesson. Her son Alston Clark thinks his experience is very valuable."I like coming out here,"he says,"You know, you connect with the earth, where your food comes from. You appreciate the food a little bit more."   Margaret Morgan started Eco City Farms. She thinks of it as a place where people can learn to live healthier lives. "Growing food in a community brings people together,"she continues,"Every piece of what we do here is a demonstration to show people everything about how to have an eco-friendly community."she says. From the Eco City Farms people come to know that they are not only growing food and raising chickens and bees, but improving the soil with compost made from food waste.   Eco City Farms is an experimental operation. The farm gets its power not from the local electricity networks, but from the sun with solar panels. In winter, the green house use a geothermal system.   Vegetables can be grown all year. So once a week, all winter long, neighbors like Chris Moss and her three children bike to the farm to pick up a share of the harvest.   "I like eating the vegetables "say five-year-old Owen Moss.
Linda and Lucy were best friends. They graduated from high school and went to the same college for further studies.   After some days Linda found that her friend was behaving strangely. She would remain quiet, sleep too much and turn wild, very often. At first, Linda thought it was just because of the problems she had met in her studies. However, Lucy became even stranger over time. Finally, Linda couldn't take it any longer and asked Lucy about her strange behavior. Lucy broke into tears and said that she was going around with a boy, who was taking drugs and forcing her to take them, too.   Linda was shocked by her story. She then advised her friend to leave the boy. She reminded Lucy of her dreams of becoming a successful doctor and encouraged her to set an example for others. She also reminded her of how her parents would feel if they found out what their daughter was up to. Through her efforts, Lucy was finally able to leave the boy and drugs. During this time, her friend always stood by her.   Finally, the two friends graduated and their friendship grew stronger. They both became successful doctors, but never let each other down by getting into bad habits. They lived happily as close friends.   From the story we can know that true friends are those who encourage you to become the best you can ever be. They believe in you and will never leave you.
As a young boy, I sometimes traveled the country roads with my dad. He was a rural mill carrier, and on Saturdays he would ask me to go with him. Driving through the countryside was always an adventure: There were animals to see, people to visit, and chocolate cookies if you knew where to stop, and Dad did.   In the spring, Dad delivered boxes full of baby chickens, and when 1 was a boy it was such a fun to stick your finger 'through one of the holes of the boxes and let the baby birds peck on your fingers.   On Dad' s final day of work, it took him well into the evening to complete his rounds because at least one member from each family was waiting at their mailbox to thank him for his friendship and his years of service. "Two hundred and nineteen mailboxes on my route." he used to say, "and a story at every one. " One lady had no mailbox, so Dad took the mail in to her every day because she was nearly blind. Once inside, he read her mail and helped her pay her bills.   Mailboxes were sometimes used for things other than mail. One note left in a mailbox read. "Nat, take these eggs to Marian; she's baking a cake and doesn't have any eggs. " Mailboxes might be buried in the snow, or broken, or lying on the groom:. bat the mail was always delivered On cold days Dad might find one of his customers waiting for him with a cup of hot chocolate. A young wrote letters but had no stamps, so she left a few button on the envelope in the mailbox; Dad paid for the stamps. One businessman used to leave large amounts of cash in his mailbox for Dad to take to the bank. Once, the amount came to 8 32,000.   A dozen years ago, when I traveled back to my hometown on the sad occasion of Dad's death, the mailboxes along the way reminded me of some of his stories. I thought I knew them all, but that wasn't the case.   As I drove home, I noticed two lamp poles, one on each side of the street. When my dad was around, those poles supported wooden boxes about four feet off the ground. One box was painted green and the other was red, and each had a long narrow hole at the top with white lettering: SANTA CLAUS, NORTH POLE. For years children had dropped letters to Santa through those holes.   I made a turn at the comer and drove past the post office and across the railroad tracks to our house. Mom and I were sitting at the kitchen table when I heard footsteps. There, at the door, stood Frank Townsend, Dad's postmaster and great friend for many years. So we all sat down at the table and began to tell stories.   At one point Frank looked at me with tears in his eyes. " What are we going to do about the letters this Christmas?" he asked.   "The letters?"   'I guess you never knew. "   "Knew what?"   " Remember, when you were a kid and you used to put your letters to Santa in those green and red boxes on Main Street? It was your dad who answered all those letters every year. "   I just sat there with tears in my eyes. It wasn't hard for me to imagine Dad sitting at the old table in our basement reading those letters and answering each one. I have since spoken with several of the people who received Christmas letters during their childhood, and they told me how amazed they were that Santa had known so much about their homes and families.   For me, just knowing that story about my father was the gift of a lifetime.
A microorganism or microbe is a microscopic organism, which may be single-celled or a cluster of cells.   The possible existence of unseen microbial life was suspected from ancient times, such as in Jain scriptures from 6th century BC India, and the 1st century BC book "On Agriculture" by Marcus Terentius Varro. Microbiology, the scientific study of microorganisms, began with their observation under the microscope in the 1670s by Antonie van Leeuwenhoek. In the 1850s, Louis Pasteur found that microorganisms caused food spoilage, debunking the theory of spontaneous generation. In the 1880s Robert Koch discovered that microorganisms caused the diseases tuberculosis, cholera, and anthrax.   Microorganisms include all unicellular organisms, and so are extremely diverse. Of the three domains of life identified by Carl Woese, all of the Archaea, and Bacteria are microorganisms. These were previously grouped together in the two domain system as Prokaryotes, the other being the eukaryotes. The third domain Eukaryota includes all multicellular organisms, and many unicellular protists and protozoans. Some protists are related to animals and some to green plants. Many of the multicellular organisms are microscopic, namely micro-animals, some fungi and some algae, but these are not discussed here.   They live in almost every habitat from the poles to the equator, deserts, geysers, rocks, and the deep sea. Some are adapted to extremes such as very hot or very cold conditions, others to high pressure and a few such as "Deinococcus radiodurans" to high radiation environments. Microorganisms also make up the microbiota found in and on all multicellular organisms.
"Mobile phones killed our man,"screamed one headline last year. Also came claims that an unpublished study had found that mobile phones cause memory loss. And a British newspaper devoted its front page to a picture supposedly showing how mobile phones heat the brain.   For anyone who uses a moblie phone, these are worring times. But speak to the scientists whose work is the focus of these scared and you will hear a different story.   What we do have, however, are some results suggesting that mobile phones'emission have a variety of strange effects on living tissue that can't be explained by the general radiation biology. And it's only when the questions raised by these experients are answered that we'll be able to say for sure what moblie phones might be doing to the brain.   One of the odd effects comes from the now famous"merrory loss" study. Alan Preece and his colleagues at the prefix = st1 /UniversityofBristolplaced a device that imitated the microwave emission of mobile phones to the left ear of volunteers. The volunteers were all goood at recalling words and pictures they had been shown on a computer screen. Preece says he still can't comment on the effects of using a mobile phone for years on end. But he rules out the suggestion that mobile phones have an immediate effect on our cognitive abilities."I'm pretty sure there is no effect on short-term memory," he says.   Another expert, Tatterasll, remarked that his latest findings have removed fears about memory loss. One result, for instance, suggests that nerve cell synapses exposed to microwaves become more----rather than less-----receptive to under-going changes linked to the memory formation.   It would be an even happier outcome if microwave turned out to be good for you. It sounds crazy, but a couple of years ago a team led by William Adey at the Veterans Affairs Medical Center in California, found that mice exposed to microwave for two hours a day were less likely to develop brain tumours when given a cancer-causing chemical.   So should we forget about mobile phone radiation causing brain tumours and scrambling our minds?   "If it doesn't certainly cause cancer in animals and cells, then it probably isn't going to cause cancer in humans,"says William. And while there's still no evidence that mobile phone does mangle your memories or give your cancer, the _ is:Don't panic.
It was Saturday afternoon and Andrew was bored. He had been watching TV all day. He told his dad, "There's nothing to do!" Andrew's dad said, "I think the newspaper is here. Maybe we can find an idea in the newspaper." Andrew looked outside the window and saw the newspaper by the door. On the front was a picture of an elephant. He picked up the newspaper and brought it to his dad. Andrew and his dad read the story. The circus was in town! Andrew had never been to the circus. He asked his dad, "Can we go?" "Yes, we can,' Andrew's dad said, 'but first you need to feed your goldfish." Andrew fed his goldfish some goldfish food. He promised to bring it some peanuts from the circus for later. Andrew and his dad went to the circus. The people and animals at the circus did lots of tricks. The elephant even went down a slide! Andrew and his dad ate lots of peanuts. There weren't any peanuts left to bring home to the goldfish. Andrew and his dad had a lot of fun at the circus.
DJs(disc jockeys) are the people who play and present music on the radio, or in nightclub. A VJ(video jockey) is a person who introduces music videos on television.   VJs were first seen on television in the early 1980s when MTV went on the air. As MTV became popular, and the audience for music videos expanded, a variety of other music video channels started broadcasting. In addition to rock music, there were channels for people who had a lot of interest in alternative kinds of music, such as country music, light music, and R&B(rhythm and blues), and all of these channels needed VJs. By the 1990s, international music video channels like Channel V in Asia and VIVA in Europe had started.   The VJs for the new international stations had to be chosen carefully. Although some VJs did shows that focused on small audiences and showed mostly local content, other VJs presented shows for international viewers. These VJs, and the material they presented, needed to be popular in several different cultures.   One successful international VJ in Asia is Asha Gill. She is from prefix = st1 /Malaysia, but her parents and grandparents are fromIndia,FranceandEngland. She speaks three languages and has fans across Asia, fromJapanto theUnited Arab Emirates.   Another VJ who has made a big hit in Asia is Lili. She is actually a computer-   Animated VJ on MTV Asia. An actress wearing special computer equipment makes Lili move like a puppet . The actress also talks for Lili, and her shows can be seen in five languages.   When asked what makes a good video jockey, many successful VJs have given similar answers. To be a good VJ you need to know a lot about music, you need to be funny, and you can't be shy.
Cologne is the largest city in the German federal State of North Rhine-Westphalia and the fourth-largest city in Germany (after Berlin, Hamburg, and Munich). It is located within the Rhine-Ruhr metropolitan region, one of the major European metropolitan areas, and with more than ten million inhabitants, the largest in Germany. Cologne is about 45 km southwest of North Rhine-Westphalia's capital of Dusseldorf and 25 km northwest of Bonn.   Cologne is located on both sides of the Rhine, near Germany's borders with Belgium and the Netherlands. The city's famous Cologne Cathedral ("Kölner Dom") is the seat of the Catholic Archbishop of Cologne. The University of Cologne ("Universität zu Köln") is one of Europe's oldest and largest universities.   Cologne was founded and established in Ubii territory in the 1st century AD as the Roman "Colonia Claudia Ara Agrippinensium", from which it gets its name. "Cologne", the French version of the city's name, has become standard in English as well. The city functioned as the capital of the Roman province of "Germania Inferior" and as the headquarters of the Roman military in the region until occupied by the Franks in 462. During the Middle Ages it flourished on one of the most important major trade routes between east and west in Europe. Cologne was one of the leading members of the Hanseatic League and one of the largest cities north of the Alps in medieval and Renaissance times. Prior to World War II the city had undergone several occupations by the French and also by the British (1918–1926). Cologne was one of the most heavily bombed cities in Germany during World War II, with the Royal Air Force (RAF) dropping of bombs on the city. The bombing reduced the population by 95%, mainly due to evacuation, and destroyed almost the entire city. With the intention of restoring as many historic buildings as possible, the successful postwar rebuilding has resulted in a very mixed and unique cityscape.
Recently, China Dream has been the subject of a public topic. Although it is quite common for Chinese people to dream of a developed China, most people also have their own dreams. I interviewed several young Chinese students with higher US educational backgrounds. They all had their own dreams for their native country. Fred Wang, an MBA student in the US, said, "I dream of equal chance for the young in China. Equality means all young people can compete fairly, based on the rule-of-law no matter whether they are rich or poor." Yujie Zhao, another MBA student in California, said, "I dream of having the best education for my children so they will not lose at the starting line, and I dream of being able to take good care of my parents after they return home from work." Yiqiong Zhang, an MBA graduate from the US, shared her dreams. "I have a dream which I have been holding for many years, that is after working hard for about 20 to 25 years, I can have enough money to build and manage a bookstore or a flower shop. Besides working hard, I am able to enjoy life, to play the piano, to hike and to enjoy a two-month-long vacation every year. This may be a common dream among young Chinese students." There is no doubt that all of these young students have their own China Dream. They all love chasing their dreams. The beautiful China Dream requires everyone's hard work. Everyone should work hard to make their dreams come true.
Not so long ago, most people didn't know who Shelly Ann Francis Pryce was going to become. She was just an average high school athlete. There was every indication that she was just another American teenager without much of a future. However, one person wants to change this. Stephen Francis observed then eighteen-year-old Shelly Ann as a track meet and was convinced that he had seen the beginning of true greatness. Her time were not exactly impressive, but even so, he seemed there was something trying to get out, something the other coaches had overlooked when they had assessed her and found her lacking. He decided to offer Shelly Ann a place in his very strict training seasons. Their cooperation quickly produced results, and a few year later at Jamaica's Olympic games in early 2008, Shelly Ann, who at that time only ranked number 70 in the world, beat Jamaica's unchallenged queen of the sprint .   "Where did she come from?" asked an astonished sprinting world, before concluding that she must be one of those one-hit wonders that spring up from time to time, only to disappear again without signs. But Shelly Ann was to prove that she was anything but a one-hit wonder. At the Beijing Olympic she swept away any doubts about her ability to perform consistently by becoming the first Jamaican woman ever to win the 100 meters Olympic gold. She did it again one year on at the World Championship in Briton, becoming world champion with a time of 10.73--- the fourth record ever.   Shelly-Ann is a little woman with a big smile. She has a mental toughness that did not come about by chance. Her journey to becoming the fastest woman on earth has been anything but smooth and effortless. She grew up in one of Jamaica's toughest inner-city communities known as Waterhouse, where she lived in a one-room apartment, sleeping four in a bed with her mother and two brothers. Waterhouse, one of the poorest communities in Jamaica, is a really violent and overpopulated place. Several of Shelly-Ann's friends and family were caught up in the killings; one of her cousins was shot dead only a few streets away from where she lived. Sometimes her family didn't have enough to eat. She ran at the school championships barefooted because she couldn't afford shoes. Her mother Maxime, one of a family of fourteen, had been an athlete herself as a young girl but, like so many other girls in Waterhouse, had to stop after she had her first baby. Maxime's early entry into the adult world with its responsibilities gave her the determination to ensure that her kids would not end up in Waterhouse's roundabout of poverty. One of the first things Maxime used to do with Shelly-Ann was taking her to the track, and she was ready to sacrifice everything.   It didn't take long for Shelly-Ann to realize that sports could be her way out of Waterhouse. On a summer evening in Beijing in 2008, all those long, hard hours of work and commitment finally bore fruit. The barefoot kid who just a few years previously had been living in poverty, surrounded by criminals and violence, had written a new chapter in the history of sports.   But Shelly-Ann's victory was far greater than that. The night she won Olympic gold in Beijing, the routine murders in Waterhouse and the drug wars in the neighbouring streets stopped. The dark cloud above one of the world's toughest criminal neighbourhoods simply disappeared for a few days. " I have so much fire burning for my country,"Shelly said. She plans to start a foundation for homeless children and wants to build a community centre in Waterhouse. She hopes to inspire the Jamaicans to lay down their weapons. She intends to fight to make it a woman's as well as a man's world.   As Muhammad Ali puts it, " Champions aren't made in gyms. Champions are made from something they have deep inside them. A desire, a dream, a vision." One of the things Shelly-Ann can be proud of is her understanding of this truth.
Jurors did not reach a verdict in their first day of deliberations Monday in the trial of Steven Hayes, the man accused of killing three members of a Connecticut family in a 2007 home invasion.   They are expected to resume their work Tuesday morning.   Hayes, 47, who has pleaded not guilty, is on trial in New Haven, Connecticut, for the murders of Jennifer Hawke-Petit and her two daughters.   The killings took place in the New Haven suburb of Cheshire early July 23, 2007. The home of William Petit, his wife, Hawke-Petit, and two daughters was invaded in the middle of the night by Hayes and co-defendant Joshua Komisarjevsky, prosecutors say.   Komisarjevsky will be tried separately.   Judge Jon Blue gave instructions Monday morning and told the jury: "You are the sole judges of the facts."   "We're in the home stretch," the judge said after going over all 17 counts with the jury. "No one will hurry you to produce a verdict."   Their first duty will be to pick a foreman, and their verdict must be unanimous, the judge reminded the jurors.   Soon after starting their deliberations, the jurors asked for a transcript of an interview by a state police detective, who spoke to Hayes soon after his arrest. The judge offered to have the testimony read back -- which the jurors declined.   Later in the day, they sent a note to the judge asking for a definition of what constitutes starting a fire.Their deliberations Monday ran just over 2 hours. 
It was a bad day on the clay for Maria Sharapova as she was bounced out of the Rome Masters by Ana Ivanovic, Thursday.   It was the first time anyone other than world No.1 Serena Williams had beaten the Russian on the red stuff since the 2011 French Open.   Sharapova had been tuning up for this year's grand slam at Roland Garros in fine fettle, winning tournaments in Stuttgart and Madrid, but Ivanovic stormed to 6-1 6-4 victory to end her run in the third round of the Rome event.   "My energy level today maybe was not the best," Sharapova told reporters in Rome. "But Ana played a really great match, she came out with winners from all over the court and she was the better player.   "This can't take anything away from the last two weeks and I'm quite excited for the week coming up for the grand slam."   Ivanovic, the Serbian 2008 French Open champion, had lost her last seven matches against Sharapova.   Australian Open champion Li Na ticked off a 6-3 6-1 win over Sam Stosur while Serena Williams beat fellow American Varvarato Lepchenko to also advance to the last eight.   In the men's draw, Tommy Haas claimed a big win over Australian Open champion Stan Wawrinka.   It was the 36-year-old German's first top-10 win in over a year.   Wawrinka, the world No.3, said the upset would make no difference to his preparations for this month's French Open.   "I am not focused on winning the French Open, it's so far away and there are so many players ready to win," he said. 
Seoul (CNN)North Korean leader Kim Jong Un is continuing to rule with an iron fist, having ordered the execution of about 15 senior officials so far this year, according to an assessment by South Korean intelligence agents, a lawmaker who attended a closed briefing said.   Shin Kyung-min, a lawmaker with the New Politics Alliance for Democracy, told a handful of reporters that he had been given the information by the South Korean National Intelligence Service.   CNN cannot independently confirm the executions. The nature of the intelligence supporting the National Intelligence Service allegations was also not immediately clear. North Korea is one of the most closed societies in the world.   According to Shin, intelligence officials say Kim is ruling in an impromptu manner and does not countenance excuses or any views at variance with his own.   He considers those a challenge to his authority, the intelligence officials said, according to Shin.   For example, a senior official with Ministry of Forestry was executed for expressing dissatisfaction with the country's forestry program, the lawmaker said.   North Korean defectors share their ordeals   The vice chairman of the State Planning Commission was executed because he objected to changing the design of a science and technology hall from a rounded shape to one resembling a flower, the intelligence officials said, according to the lawmaker.   And in March, according to the South Korean lawmaker, Kim executed on charges of espionage four members of the Unhasu Orchestra, including the general director, because of a scandal, Shin said.   Kim became North Korea's Supreme Commander in December 2011 following the death of his father, Kim Jong Il. According to the National Intelligence Service, he is reported to have executed 17 senior officials in 2012, 10 in 2013 and 41 in 2014. 
A Florida jury awarded a widow $23.6 billion in punitive damages in her lawsuit against tobacco giant R.J. Reynolds Tobacco Company, her lawyer said.   Cynthia Robinson claimed that smoking killed her husband, Michael Johnson, in 1996. She argued R.J. Reynolds was negligent in not informing him that nicotine is addictive and smoking can cause lung cancer. Johnson started smoking when he was 13 and died of lung cancer when he was 36.   The jury award Friday evening is "courageous," said Robinson's lawyer, Christopher Chestnut.   "If anyone saw the documents that this jury saw, I believe that person would have awarded a similar or greater verdict amount," he said.   The Escambia County trial took four weeks and the jury deliberated for 15 hours, according to the Pensacola News Journal. The verdict included more than $16 million in compensatory damages, the newspaper said.   Nine ex-smokers on their last cigarette   Chestnut said five of the six jurors who heard the case were 45 or younger, which meant he had to show them how the tobacco industry presented its product before the public awareness campaigns on tobacco risks and dangers in the 1990s.   In a statement, J. Jeffery Raborn, vice president and assistant general counsel for R. J. Reynolds, said, "The damages awarded in this case are grossly excessive and impermissible under state and constitutional law.   "This verdict goes far beyond the realm of reasonableness and fairness and is completely inconsistent with the evidence presented," said Raborn. "We plan to file post-trial motions with the trial court promptly and are confident that the court will follow the law and not allow this runaway verdict to stand." 
Legends about the development of coffee are varied and interesting, involving chance occurrences, political tricks, and the pursuit of wealth and power.   According to one story, a sheepherder named Kaldi, as he tended his sheep, noticed the effect of coffee beans. He noticed that the sheep became excited after eating the red "cherries" from a certain plant when they changed pastures . He tried it himself, and was soon as overactive as his sheep. Another story relates that a monk happened to discover that this fruit from the shiny green plant could help him stay awake.   Another legend gives us the name for coffee, "mocha". Omar, an Arabian was thrown to the desert with his followers to die of starvation. In desperation, Omar had his friends boil and eat the fruit from an unknown plant. Not only did the soup save the group, but the residents of the nearest town, Mocha, took their survival as a religious sign. The plant and its beverage were named Mocha to honor this event.   Coffee was introduced much later to countries beyond Arabia, whose inhabitants believed it to be a tasty thing and guarded its secret as if they were top secret military plans. The government forbade transportation of the plant out of the Moslem nations. The actual spread of coffee was started illegally. One Arab named Baba Budan smuggled beans to some mountains near Mysore, India, and started a farm there. Early in this century, some of those original plants were found still growing fruitfully in the region.   Coffee today is grown and enjoyed worldwide, and is one of the few crops that small farmers in third-world countries can profitably export.
Bill Gates is putting out a call to inventors, but he's not looking for software, or the latest high-tech gadget. This time he's in search of a better condom.   On its Grand Challenges website, the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation is offering a $100,000 startup grant to the person who designs "the next generation condom that significantly preserves or enhances pleasure" and promotes "regular use."   It may sound like the setup for a joke, but the goal is deadly serious. While researchers call condoms one of the best ways to stop the spread of HIV, the virus that causes AIDS, getting people to use them is another story.   The foundation wants to see something that will lead men and women outside of a committed relationship to stop and think twice before having unprotected sex. The startup grant could lead to $1 million in further funding.   "Male condoms are cheap, easy to manufacture, easy to distribute, and available globally, including in resource-poor settings, through numerous well-developed distribution channels," the foundation says. Nevertheless, many people are reluctant to use them because they complain that prophylactics interfere with pleasure and intimacy. This creates "a trade-off that many men find unacceptable," the foundation notes.   Contraception, by the numbers   In some places and cultures, condom use is often seen as a sign that a man has AIDS, and many women won't sleep with such men. Female condoms are even more difficult to use and women are often afraid to suggest using them.   "Any advance or new design that gets people to use condoms would be a big plus," Dr. Anthony Fauci, head of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases and one of the world's leading AIDS researchers, said in an interview with CNN. He says great strides have been made in treating HIV infection in Africa, but for every person who is treated two more become newly infected. 
There once was a big black and white dog named Forrest. His owner's name was Jeff. Jeff thought he was the best dog in the whole world.   One night, when Forrest and Jeff were taking a walk in the park, they saw two men walking down the path. Both men were dressed in very nice suits.   Jeff waved at the men.   "Good evening," he said. "How are you tonight?"   "Hello," one of the men said. "It is such a great night for walking."   Jeff and Forrest kept walking down the path. It was a very dark night, but the moon was shining bright. When Jeff turned around to look for the two men, he could not see them at all. They were nowhere to be seen.   Later that night, when their walk was over, Jeff and Forrest were lying on the bed. They were watching a television show about ghosts.   "Do you think maybe those two men were ghosts?" Jeff said out loud. "They did not leave a trace."   Forrest was a dog, but he acted like he understood. He barked.   Jeff smiled. He liked that his dog always saw things the same way he did.
Jean-Jacques Rousseau (; ; 28 June 1712 – 2 July 1778) was a Francophone Genevan philosopher, writer, and composer of the 18th century. His political philosophy influenced the Enlightenment in France and across Europe, as well as aspects of the French Revolution and the overall development of modern political and educational thought.   Rousseau's novel "Emile, or On Education" is a treatise on the education of the whole person for citizenship. His sentimental novel "Julie, or the New Heloise" was of importance to the development of pre-romanticism and romanticism in fiction. Rousseau's autobiographical writings—his "Confessions", which initiated the modern autobiography, and his "Reveries of a Solitary Walker"—exemplified the late 18th-century movement known as the "Age of Sensibility", and featured an increased focus on subjectivity and introspection that later characterized modern writing. His "Discourse on Inequality" and "The Social Contract" are cornerstones in modern political and social thought.   During the period of the French Revolution, Rousseau was the most popular of the philosophes among members of the Jacobin Club. He was interred as a national hero in the Panthéon in Paris, in 1794, 16 years after his death.   Rousseau was born in Geneva, which was at the time a city-state and a Protestant associate of the Swiss Confederacy. Since 1536, Geneva had been a Huguenot republic and the seat of Calvinism. Five generations before Rousseau, his ancestor Didier, a bookseller who may have published Protestant tracts, had escaped persecution from French Catholics by fleeing to Geneva in 1549, where he became a wine merchant.
Food waste has been a chronic problem for restaurants and grocery stores -- with millions of tons lost along the way as crops are hauled hundreds of miles, stored for weeks in refrigerators and prepared on busy restaurant assembly lines. But the historically high price of products is making it an even bigger drag on the bottom line.   Restaurants, colleges, hospitals and other institutions are compensating for the rising costs of waste in novel ways. Some are tracking their trash with software systems, making food in smaller packages or trying to compost (......) and cut down on trash-hauling costs.   "We have all come to work with this big elephant in the middle of kitchen, and the elephant is this 'It's okay to waste' belief system," said Andrew Shackman, president of LeanPath, a company that helps restaurants cut back food waste.   The interest in cutting food waste "has just rocketed in the last six to nine months," he said.   Roughly 30 percent of food in the United States goes to waste, costing some $48 billion annually, according to a Stockholm International Water Institute study. A University of Arizona study estimated that 40 to 50 percent of food in the United States is wasted. Wholesale food costs have risen more than 8 percent this year, the biggest jump in decades, according to the National Restaurant Association.   Freshman students at Virginia Tech were surprised this year when the two of the campus' biggest dining halls to find there were no trays.   "You have to go back and get your dishware and your drink, but it's not that different," said Caitlin Mewborn, a freshman. "It's not a big trouble. You take less food, and you don't eat more than you should."   Getting rid of trays has cut food waste by 38 percent at the dining halls, said Denny Cochrane, manager of Virginia Tech's sustainability program. Before the program began, students often grabbed whatever looked good at the buffet , only to find at the table that their eyes were bigger than their stomachs, he said.
Mary went to Canada on vacation. After a week, she came back to New York. She told lots of interesting things to her best friend, Jack. Jack was very interested in Canada and decided to have a visit there. The next summer vacation, Mary and Jack had a plan to go to Canada together. But her mother was badly ill so she went to the airport to see her friend off. When they got to the airport, Mary had to got to the washroom. When she came back, she couldn't find Jack because there were so many people at the airport. She looked for him everywhere, but it was hard to find Jack among the people. Suddenly Mary saw Jack and she felt very happy, so she shouted,"Hi, Jack. Here, here." At the same time, Jack waved his arms,"I'm here." In 3 minutes, so many policemen came to the front of Jack and caught him, "Please come with me to the police office." After the policemen found out the reason, they let them free. Why? Because the word "hijack" in the English has different meanings.
The European Central Bank (ECB) is the central bank for the euro and administers monetary policy of the Eurozone, which consists of 19 EU member states and is one of the largest currency areas in the world. It is one of the world's most important central banks and is one of the seven institutions of the European Union (EU) listed in the Treaty on European Union (TEU). The capital stock of the bank is owned by the central banks of all 28 EU member states.[dated info] The Treaty of Amsterdam established the bank in 1998, and it is headquartered in Frankfurt, Germany. As of 2015[update] the President of the ECB is Mario Draghi, former governor of the Bank of Italy, former member of the World Bank, and former managing director of the Goldman Sachs international division (2002–2005). The bank primarily occupied the Eurotower prior to, and during, the construction of the new headquarters.
Jimmy didn't eat breakfast. Because he didn't eat breakfast he was very hungry and could not stop thinking about food. He was thinking about all of the things that he liked to eat the most. He was thinking about breakfast foods like bacon and eggs but he was also thinking about lunch and dinner foods like pizza and macaroni and cheese. Jimmy was even thinking about some of his favorite desserts like chocolate cake and cherry pie. He was even thinking about vanilla pudding and he doesn't even like vanilla pudding. Jimmy was so hungry that he was having a hard time playing with his friends. Jimmy was playing with Tommy, Timmy and Suzy. Timmy chose not to play. Jimmy wasn't having any fun because he was so hungry. Jimmy was playing hide and go seek with Tommy and Suzy but he could not find any good places to hide. Jimmy did not want to play hide and seek. If he had to play a game he wanted to play tag but what he really wanted to do was eat lunch.
History was made on two fronts when Joao Sousa beat Julien Benneteau to win the Malaysian Open.   While Sousa celebrated becoming the first Portuguese man to claim an ATP title, Benneteau wasn't nearly as joyous. He slumped to 0-9 in finals to tie the unwanted men's record in the Open era, which began in 1968.   Is he tennis' unlucky loser?   Benneteau's fellow Frenchman, Cedric Pioline, and American Pat Dupre also lost their first nine finals, although Pioline went on to triumph five times -- he was a two-time grand slam finalist -- and Dupre ended his drought in Hong Kong in 1982.   No man has lost his first 10 finals in the Open era, said the ATP.   Benneteau was so close to overturning his woe in finals, too, holding a match point in the second set Sunday against Sousa.   He did little wrong on the point, approaching the net with a good forehand, but Sousa unleashed a stunning forehand down the line.   Benneteau then wasted a flurry of break points in the final set and fell 2-6 7-5 6-4.   French sports daily L'Equipe used the headline, 'Benneteau, nothing new,' when referring to his defeat on its website, and the player tweeted a picture of what looked like a beer accompanied by the words: 'To forget.'   "I tried everything today," Benneteau, 31, told the ATP's website. "I played very well, particularly I was very aggressive and I didn't let him play for two sets almost. I had match point and I played the point perfectly. 
It takes more than just practice to become an Olympian. Gold medal performances require some serious nutrition. Have you ever wondered what these successful athletes eat to stay in peak shape?   Keri Glassman, a registered dietitian and founder of Nutritious Life Meals, appeared on "Good Morning America" today to give you a glimpse into the diets of some top athletes. Some of their meals could surprise you.   Crazy Calorie Count   _ One secret of swimmer Michael Phelps' astonishing performance in the 2008 Olympics in Beijing was consuming as many as 12,000 calories in one day.   Athletes can eat like this and not gain any weight because their workouts are intense. According to Glassman, Phelps' workouts can burn 4,000 to 6,000 calories in a day, and those calories must be replenished in order to train the following day.   Snacking Secrets   Some athletes eat wacky (strange, unusual) foods that they swear improve their performance. Yohan Blake, the Jamaica sprinter and 100-meter world champion, has been making waves for stealing champion sprinter Usain Bolt's thunder on the track during the Olympic trials. Asked about how he gets his stamina, Blake answered that he eats 16 bananas per day, Glassman said.   Jonathan Horton, the lead gymnast on the US team, has a blood sugar problem. His solution is honey. When he starts to feel shaky at the gym, he takes swigs of honey to boost his energy, Glassman said.   Foods for Recovery   What are the best foods to help the body recover after rigorous (strict) competition?   For Olympic swimmer Ryan Lochte, the recovery meal is grilled chicken breasts with Alfredo sauce, whole-grain spaghetti and a salad with lemon juice and olive oil. Lochte, who recently cut out junk food, candy and soda, has undertaken a rigorous strength-training regimen that involves flipping tractor tires, dragging shipyard chains and tossing beer kegs, Glassman said.
The Encyclopedia of Mathematics (also EOM and formerly Encyclopaedia of Mathematics) is a large reference work in mathematics. It is available in book form and on CD-ROM.   The 2002 version contains more than 8,000 entries covering most areas of mathematics at a graduate level, and the presentation is technical in nature. The encyclopedia is edited by Michiel Hazewinkel and was published by Kluwer Academic Publishers until 2003, when Kluwer became part of Springer. The CD-ROM contains animations and three-dimensional objects.   The encyclopedia has been translated from the Soviet "Matematicheskaya entsiklopediya" (1977) originally edited by Ivan Matveevich Vinogradov and extended with comments and three supplements adding several thousand articles.   Until November 29, 2011, a static version of the encyclopedia could be browsed online free of charge online This URL now redirects to the new wiki incarnation of the EOM.   A new dynamic version of the encyclopedia is now available as a public wiki online. This new wiki is a collaboration between Springer and the European Mathematical Society. This new version of the encyclopedia includes the entire contents of the previous online version, but all entries can now be publicly updated to include the newest advancements in mathematics. All entries will be monitored for content accuracy by members of an editorial board selected by the European Mathematical Society.
The Daily Mail is a British daily middle-market tabloid newspaper owned by the Daily Mail and General Trust and published in London. It is the United Kingdom's second biggest-selling daily newspaper after "The Sun". Its sister paper "The Mail on Sunday" was launched in 1982 while Scottish and Irish editions of the daily paper were launched in 1947 and 2006 respectively. Jonathan Harmsworth, 4th Viscount Rothermere, a great-grandson of the one of the co-founders, is the current chairman and controlling shareholder of the Daily Mail and General Trust, while day-to-day editorial decisions for the newspaper are usually made by a team around the editor, Paul Dacre.   A survey in 2014 found the average age of its reader was 58, and it had the lowest demographic for 15- to 44-year-olds among the major British dailies. Uniquely for a British daily newspaper, it has a majority female readership with women making up 52-55% of its readers. It had an average daily circulation of 1,510,824 copies in November 2016. Between July and December 2013 it had an average daily readership of approximately 3.951 million, of whom approximately 2.503 million were in the ABC1 demographic and 1.448 million in the C2DE demographic. Its website has more than 100 million unique visitors per month.
A transistor is a semiconductor device used to amplify or switch electronic signals and electrical power. It is composed of semiconductor material with at least three terminals for connection to an external circuit. A voltage or current applied to one pair of the transistor's terminals changes the current through another pair of terminals. Because the controlled (output) power can be higher than the controlling (input) power, a transistor can amplify a signal. Today, some transistors are packaged individually, but many more are found embedded in integrated circuits.   The transistor is the fundamental building block of modern electronic devices, and is ubiquitous in modern electronic systems. First conceived by Julius Lilienfeld in 1926 and practically implemented in 1947 by American physicists John Bardeen, Walter Brattain, and William Shockley, the transistor revolutionized the field of electronics, and paved the way for smaller and cheaper radios, calculators, and computers, among other things. The transistor is on the list of IEEE milestones in electronics, and Bardeen, Brattain, and Shockley shared the 1956 Nobel Prize in Physics for their achievement.
Manhattan is the most densely populated borough of New York City, its economic and administrative center, and its historical birthplace. Locally it is often referred to simply as "The City". The borough is coextensive with New York County, founded on November 1, 1683, as one of the original counties of the U.S. state of New York. The borough consists mostly of Manhattan Island, bounded by the Hudson, East, and Harlem rivers; several small adjacent islands; and Marble Hill, a small neighborhood now on the U.S. mainland, physically connected to the Bronx and separated from the rest of Manhattan by the Harlem River.   Manhattan is often described as the cultural, financial, media, and entertainment capital of the world, and hosts the United Nations Headquarters. Anchored by Wall Street in the Financial District of Lower Manhattan, New York City has been called both the most economically powerful city and the leading financial center of the world, and Manhattan is home to the world's two largest stock exchanges by total market capitalization: the New York Stock Exchange and NASDAQ. Many multinational media conglomerates are based in Manhattan, and the borough has been the for numerous books, films, and television shows. Manhattan is historically documented to have been purchased by Dutch colonists from Native Americans in 1626 for 60 guilders, which equals US$ today. Manhattan real estate has since become among the most expensive in the world, with the value of Manhattan Island, including real estate, estimated to exceed US$3 trillion in 2013; median residential property sale prices in Manhattan exceeded US as of 2017, and Fifth Avenue in Midtown Manhattan commands the highest retail rents in the world, at US in 2017.
Sally always loved the ocean. Whenever her parents would talk about going to the beach, she would get so excited that she couldn't sleep the night before. Tonight was one of those nights. As she lay in bed, Sally couldn't help but think of all the fun things she would be doing the next day. She would build sand castles, splash in the water, and play Frisbee with her older brother, Jared. All of theses thoughts and more raced through her head, until finally she fell asleep. In the early hours of the morning, Sally awoke to her brother making loud noises in her ear. He was so annoying. A little bit later, her mother and father came in the room, helping Sally and Jared get ready for the day. When everyone was dressed and all of their belongings were packed, the whole family set off for a day of fun in the sun. The ride was long and their van was hot and stuffy, even with the windows rolled down. After what seemed like hours, Sally spotted the road sign signaling that the beach was close! Sally's mother said that they could stop for some frozen yogurt on the way since it was so hot outside. Sally and Jared both cheered. They pulled up to the shop and went inside, the cool air hitting their faces as they opened the door. There were so many different flavors! Jared always got chocolate, because that was Dad's favorite flavor, too. Mom chose strawberry because it seemed perfect for this hot weather. Sally couldn't choose. She really wanted mint chocolate chip, but they were all out. Finally she chose the shop's special flavor "Tropical Turtle". The family left with smiles on their faces, ready to have a great day at the beach.
Iggy Azalea would love it if everyone channeled "Frozen" and just "let it go."   The Australian rapper has broken her silence about a supposed feud between herself and Nicki Minaj, rumors that were sparked after Minaj gave a curiously pointed acceptance speech at the BET Awards on Sunday.   The New York-bred MC made it clear that when "you hear Nicki Minaj spit, Nicki Minaj wrote it," leaving observers to assume that she was taking a dig at Azalea, who's been rumored to work with ghostwriters and was Minaj's competitor at the awards ceremony.   Nicki Minaj vs. Iggy Azalea: Where's the beef?   Although Minaj said during her acceptance speech that she wasn't giving "shade" -- aka, disrespect -- it nonetheless appeared that way to many.   With the Internet chomping down on the apparent beef, both Minaj and Azalea have tried to clear the air.   "The media puts words in my mouth all the time and this is no different. I will always take a stance on women writing b/c I believe in us!" Minaj tweeted on July 2. "I've congratulated Iggy on the success of 'Fancy,' publicly. She should be very proud of that. All the women nominated should b proud. ... That will never change my desire to motivate women to write. Our voices have to be heard. I hope I inspire up & coming females to do that."   Azalea initially remained silent on the subject, but by July 3 the rapper had grown tired of the commentary.   "I have to say the general explosion of pettiness online in the last few days is hard to ignore and honestly ... lame," Azalea wrote in a statement, as captured on her Instagram account. "If I had won the BET award that would've been great but it wasn't my year and I don't mind -- so you shouldn't either." 
Bergen, historically Bjørgvin, is a city and municipality in Hordaland on the west coast of Norway. , the municipality's population was 278,121, and the Bergen metropolitan region has about 420,000 inhabitants. Bergen is the second-largest city in Norway. The municipality covers and is on the peninsula of Bergenshalvøyen. The city centre and northern neighbourhoods are on Byfjorden, 'the city fjord', and the city is surrounded by mountains; Bergen is known as the 'city of seven mountains'. Many of the extra-municipal suburbs are on islands. Bergen is the administrative centre of Hordaland and consists of eight boroughs—Arna, Bergenhus, Fana, Fyllingsdalen, Laksevåg, Ytrebygda, Årstad and Åsane.   Trading in Bergen may have started as early as the 1020s. According to tradition, the city was founded in 1070 by king Olav Kyrre and was named Bjørgvin, 'the green meadow among the mountains'. It served as Norway's capital in the 13th century, and from the end of the 13th century became a bureau city of the Hanseatic League. Until 1789, Bergen enjoyed exclusive rights to mediate trade between Northern Norway and abroad and it was the largest city in Norway until the 1830s when it was surpassed by the capital, Christiania (now known as Oslo). What remains of the quays, Bryggen, is a World Heritage Site. The city was hit by numerous fires over the years. The Bergen School of Meteorology was developed at the Geophysical Institute beginning in 1917, the Norwegian School of Economics was founded in 1936, and the University of Bergen in 1946. From 1831 to 1972, Bergen was its own county. In 1972 the municipality absorbed four surrounding municipalities and became a part of Hordaland county.
The szlachta ([ˈʂlaxta] ( listen), exonym: Nobility) was a legally privileged noble class with origins in the Kingdom of Poland. It gained considerable institutional privileges between 1333 and 1370 during the reign of King Casimir III the Great.:211 In 1413, following a series of tentative personal unions between the Grand Duchy of Lithuania and the Crown Kingdom of Poland, the existing Lithuanian nobility formally joined this class.:211 As the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth (1569–1795) evolved and expanded in territory, its membership grew to include the leaders of Ducal Prussia, Podolian and Ruthenian lands.   The origins of the szlachta are shrouded in obscurity and mystery and have been the subject of a variety of theories.:207 Traditionally, its members were owners of landed property, often in the form of "manor farms" or so-called folwarks. The nobility negotiated substantial and increasing political and legal privileges for itself throughout its entire history until the decline of the Polish Commonwealth in the late 18th century.
Every day for decades, it was an essential part of the day for millions of listeners. A voice would boom out over the radio airwaves, announcing, "Hello, Americans, this is Paul Harvey! Stand by for news!"   Paul Harvey gave Brent Burns his "big break," giving one of his songs national exposure for the first time.   After more than 70 years on the air, Harvey died Saturday at the age of 90. His broadcasts were heard on more than 1,200 radio stations, according to his Web site.   iReporters shared their memories of hearing Harvey's program through the generations and told how he affected their lives, and in some cases their careers.   When Anna Hiller of Albany, California, heard of Harvey's passing, she was immediately reminded of spending time at her grandparents' home in Baltimore, Maryland, as a child.   "His voice was inescapable, ubiquitous and energizing, emerging from the silver radio in the kitchen," she said. She describes Harvey's broadcasts as a "ritual" for her grandparents.   "The voice of Paul Harvey would echo throughout the entire first floor, and even though I was too young to follow the stories, I knew my grandmother was listening intently, as was my grandpa from his study."   John Hargis Sr. has memories of his mother listening to Harvey every day as well. "I once asked her why we couldn't watch TV when Harvey was on, and she replied that Harvey gave her honest news," he said   Hargis has since lost 70 percent of his hearing and says that Harvey's voice was one of the few he could understand. He lost his mother in 2001, and Harvey's death reminds him of her. iReport.com: Hargis pays tribute to Harvey, his mother 
was settled by the Ainu, Nivkh, and Orok before recorded history. The "Nihon Shoki", finished in 720 AD, is often said to be the first mention of Hokkaido in recorded history. According to the text, Abe no Hirafu led a large navy and army to northern areas from 658 to 660 and came into contact with the Mishihase and Emishi. One of the places Hirafu went to was called , which is often believed to be present-day Hokkaido. However, many theories exist in relation to the details of this event, including the location of Watarishima and the common belief that the Emishi in Watarishima were the ancestors of the present-day Ainu people.   During the Nara and Heian periods (710–1185), people in Hokkaido conducted trade with Dewa Province, an outpost of the Japanese central government. From the Middle Ages, the people in Hokkaido began to be called Ezo. Hokkaido, formerly known as Ezochi or . The Ezo mainly relied upon hunting and fishing and obtained rice and iron through trade with the Japanese.   During the Muromachi period (1336–1573), the Japanese created a settlement at the south of the Oshima Peninsula. As more people moved to the settlement to avoid battles, disputes arose between the Japanese and the Ainu. The disputes eventually developed into a war. Takeda Nobuhiro killed the Ainu leader, Koshamain, and defeated the opposition in 1457. Nobuhiro's descendants became the rulers of the Matsumae-han, which was granted exclusive trading rights with the Ainu in the Azuchi-Momoyama and Edo periods (1568–1868). The Matsumae family's economy relied upon trade with the Ainu. They held authority over the south of Ezochi until the end of the Edo period in 1868.
This is a story about a boy called Sparky. For Sparky, school was all but impossible. He failed every subject in the eighth grade. He got a zero in physics. It made him the worst physics student in the school's history. He didn't do much better in sports. Although he tried to join the school's golf team, he quickly lost the only important match. He didn't have friends, either. Other kids didn't care about him. If a classmate said "Hello" to Sparky outside of school, he would feel very surprised. Sparky was a loser and everyone knew it. So he accepted it. But one thing was important to Sparky---drawing. He was proud of his artwork. In senior high school, he sent some cartoons to the editors of the yearbook but he was refused. Sparky was hurt. But he didn't lose hope because he believed in his ability and he _ . He decided to become a professional artist. He wrote a letter to the Walt Disney Studios after graduating from high school. The studio asked him to draw some cartoons on a certain subject. Sparky spent a lot of time on the cartoons. Finally, the reply came from Disney Studios: they aren't like cartoons. Was it time to stop drawing? Sparky didn't think so. He started to put his own life in the cartoons. He created his childhood self----a little boy loser: Charlie Brown. He wasn't good at football.But Charlie Brown would soon become famous worldwide. Sparky, the boy who used to fail in school and who was refused again and again, was Charles Schulz. He created the Peanuts comic strip and the world-famous cartoon characters Charlie Brown and Snoopy.
Moscow (CNN)More than 1 million historic documents have been destroyed in a fire at one of Russia's largest public libraries, according to the Russian state news agency Tass.   The Russian emergency situations ministry says 147 firefighters struggled for 25 hours over the weekend to put out the blaze in the main library of the Institute for Research Information on Social Sciences in Moscow.   The fire, which ripped through the library Friday evening, destroyed 2,000 square meters (about 2,400 square yards) of the building and caused part of the roof to collapse, according to an official statement. The Russian emergency situations ministry said the fire was particularly hard to put out because of the high temperatures, narrow passageways and the risk of the building falling down.   Moscow's emergency ministry said the temperature inside the rubble of the library remains high and that there is still a threat that the building could collapse.   Vladimir Fortov, president of the Russian Academy of Sciences, told the Russian news agency RIA Novosti that the fire, which destroyed 15% of all the documents in the library, reminded him of the 1986 disaster at the Chernobyl nuclear plant in Ukraine.   "It's a major loss for science. This is the largest collection of its kind in the world, probably equivalent to the Library of Congress," Fortov told the agency. "It contains material that you can't find anywhere else and all the social science institutions use this library. What has happened here is reminiscent of Chernobyl."   The institute's director, Yuri Pivovarov, told Tass that he fears the building cannot be restored. 
The International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN), officially International Union for Conservation of Nature and Natural Resources is an international organization working in the field of nature conservation and sustainable use of natural resources. It is involved in data gathering and analysis, research, field projects, advocacy, and education. IUCN's mission is to "influence, encourage and assist societies throughout the world to conserve nature and to ensure that any use of natural resources is equitable and ecologically sustainable".   Over the past decades, IUCN has widened its focus beyond conservation ecology and now incorporates issues related to sustainable development in its projects. Unlike many other international environmental organisations, IUCN does not itself aim to mobilize the public in support of nature conservation. It tries to influence the actions of governments, business and other stakeholders by providing information and advice, and through building partnerships. The organization is best known to the wider public for compiling and publishing the IUCN Red List of Threatened Species™, which assesses the conservation status of species worldwide.   IUCN has a membership of over 1400 governmental and non-governmental organizations. Some 16,000 scientists and experts participate in the work of IUCN commissions on a voluntary basis. It employs approximately 1000 full-time staff in more than 50 countries. Its headquarters are in Gland, Switzerland.
What is the hottest topic at your school? In Hangzhou Yongjin Middle School, it's money. The school had an activity called "making a living" recently. About 800 Junior 1 and Junior 2 students were divided into 112 teams. They went out to make money by selling things. What did they choose to sell? Some sold newspapers; some chose bottled water; some sold environmentally friendly shopping bags and bamboo baskets. Huqi's team decided to sell educational books in front of the Children Activity Centre. They thought parents would like to buy books for their children. But unfortunately , they came across urban management officers . The officers asked them to leave. "We played hide-and-seek with the officers for the whole morning," said Hu. "Finally we gave up and moved to other place. Wang Yongyi and her team sold ice cream in a square. They didn't meet any officers. But few people were interested in what they were selling. The team then put up a board saying the money was to help the "Project Hope" for country kids. It worked. More people came to their stall. A foreigner even gave them 100 yuan. Meng Zhaoxiang and his team were luckier. They sold all their cakes in four hours, spending 39.5 yuan and getting back 80 yuan. "It was not easy to make the money," said Meng. "Some people just looked. Others just tasted but didn't buy. Now I know how hard it is for our parents to earn the money we need to lead happy lives."
Chicago is next to a beautiful lake, Lake Michigan. In the summer Lake Michigan is warm and blue .People lie on the beaches and swim in the water. In the winter Lake Michigan is cold and gray .Snow covers the beaches, and ice covers the water. On a cold January day, a little boy and his father were playing in the snow on Chicago beach. The boy was Jimrsy Tontlewicx. He was four years old .Several Minutes went by .The father still couldn't find Jimmy. Firemen arrived .Twenty minutes later they found Jimmy and pulled him out of the water. Jimmy was not breathing, and his heart was not beating . He was dead. At the beach paramedics worked on Jimmy for an hour . He began to breathe , and his heart began to beat . The paramedics rushed Jimmy to the hospital.Doctors at the hospital put Jimmy in bed .They put him on a cold mattress because they wanted his body to warm up slowly. They gave him some medicine because they wanted him to sleep .After six weeks in the hospital he got better ,Then he went to another hospital. He stayed there for seven weeks .He began to walk ,talk ,and play again. Jimmy was in the water for more than 20 minutes . He couldn't breathe in the water . He couldn't get any oxygen .But today he is alive and healthy. How is it possible? Jimmy is alive because the water was ice cold. Usually the brain needs a lot of oxygen .But when it's very cold , the brain slows down. It does not need much oxygen .So the ice cold water saved Jimmy . Jimmy's father has another reason .He says ,"Jimmy is alive today because he is a fighter . "
Singing competition shows like "American Idol" and "The Voice" don't only make stars, they rehabilitate them.   Just ask Jennifer Lopez, whose seat at the "American Idol" judges' table paved the way for the success of her 2011 album and her recently announced summer tour. Or Maroon 5, who benefited greatly from frontman Adam Levine's spot on "The Voice." Even his fellow "Voice" judge, Christina Aguilera, cashed in on the group's best-selling single "Moves Like Jagger."   But for a megawatt star like Britney Spears, who already experienced a comeback of sorts in 2008 with the release of "Circus" not long after her fall from grace, a judging and mentoring gig on "The X Factor" isn't needed to sell albums.   Unlike her aforementioned reality show judge counterparts, Spears joins the Fox singing competition still riding the success of her seventh studio album, and her worldwide "Femme Fatale Tour." Even the star's personal life appears to be more in order these days.   But the pop princess hasn't exactly been accessible to her fans since she was placed in a conservatorship in 2008. And as stars like Lady Gaga and Beyonce have figured out, there's more to being a singing sensation in 2012 than meets the ear.   Fans want to relate to their favorite artists on a personal level, said Andy Greene, an associate editor at Rolling Stone. Becoming a mainstay on a show like "The X Factor," and showing off her personality each week, could reignite the level of fame Spears experienced in the early 2000s, Greene added. 
Barry the bowl lived in a cabinet in the kitchen. He sat next to the pots and under the pans. He liked his home, but he never got out much. He was only used for mixing when his friend wanted to bake a cake. One day, his friend pulled him out of the cabinet and put him on the table. He got out the eggs, flour and sugar and began to bake a cake. Barry was very excited. He looked around the kitchen as his friend mixed up all the ingredients. He saw a sink, a refrigerator and a toaster. He was sad to go back in the cabinet when his friend was all done with the cake. But he wasn't going back yet! His friend set him in the sink to wash out all of the leftover ingredients. It was a fun day out of the cabinet. Now it was time for him to go back home and wait for another day and another adventure.
Martin Lynch, an American businessman, had been going on vacation to a small Mexican fishing village for a number of ears. One morning while going for a walk along the beach, he saw his friend Pablo Perez, a local fisherman. Martin watched Pablo _ his boat and pack the fish in a box. Martin noticed Pablo was smiling and looked very happy. He could also see several large fish in the boat. Martin greeted Pablo and asked how long it took to catch the fish. "Just a few hours," replied Pablo. Martin asked, "Why didn't you stay longer and catch more fish?" "I have enough for my family," Pablo said. "And what do you do with the rest of your day?" asked Martin. "I take a nap, play with my children, spend time with my wife, and go into the village to see my friends and play cards, I have a full and busy life." Martin explained that if Pablo worked longer hours and caught more fish, he could make more money. With the extra money, Pablo could buy more boats and catch money more fish. By selling the fish, Pablo could open his own factory and sell direct to supermarkets. "Then what?" asked Pablo. "Well you would probably have to move to Mexico City to run the business. Finally, you would be able to sell your business and make millions of dollars," replied Martin. "How long will that take?" asked Pablo. Martin thought for a while and said it would probably take at least 15 years. "And then what" asked Pablo. "Well, that's the best part," Martin said. "You will be able to retire, buy a house near the ocean, sleep longer, play with your children, spend more time with your wife, see your friends, and play cards."
Everyone has his own birthday. People in different countries celebrate their birthdays in different ways. Now here are four people from different countries. They will tell us how they celebrate their birthdays in their countries. Sandy comes from Madrid . She says happily, "My 21st birthday is on Saturday, and I'm going to go out with some friends. To wish me a happy birthday, they are going to pull on my ear 21 times, once for each year. It's an old custom. Some people pull on the ear just once, but my friends are very traditional." Mr. and Mrs. Sato are from Tokyo. Mr. Sato is going to be 60 tomorrow. In Japan, the sixtieth birthday is called Kanreki --it's the beginning of a new life. The color red is for a new life, so we always give something red for a sixtieth birthday. Liu Mei from Beijing feels very excited and tells us, "Tomorrow is my 16th birthday. It's a special birthday, so we're going to have a family party. Maybe I will get some lucky money from my relatives . My mother is going to cook noodles for a long life." Phillip, from Paris, smiles to us, "I'm going to be thirty next week, so I'm going to invite three very good friends out for dinner. In France, when you have a birthday, you often invite people out." How do you usually celebrate your birthday?
The Great Gatsby was not well received when it was published in 1926. F. Scott Fitzgerald appeared to destroy the American Dream, where in anyone, with enough hard work, could get rich and have whatever they wanted from life. He exposed the truth about such myths in this classic book. Basically, the plot could be described as follows: Poor boy goes East in search of wealth, bored and dissatisfied with inactive Mid West country life. He meets the super-rich there, attends parties and makes friends with one man in particular, a lonely millionaire of uncertain origins, Jay Gatsby. He becomes involved with these rich but immoral people, the worst of whom are his own cousin Daisy Buchanan, and her husband Tom. He observes, with dawning recognition, the corruption in their lives, how lacking in human values or ethical beliefs they seem to be. He watches tragedy unfold, brought about by the handlings of the wealthy, and visited on the poorer characters. He remains the only friend of Gatsby, arranging his funeral and mourning his death, and possibly the death of his own American Dream. He wakes up to the reality of what is important in life, and decides to choose what is of value to him. He returns to his origins, having recognized the worth of his up-bringing and the moral values it instilled. He sees that money is not everything. But let us look at this in a little more depth, because the novel is much more complicated than those simple outlines above suggest. The young man, Nick Caraway, aged 29, lived in a cottage on Long Island. He was an apprentice Wall Street trader, and in 1920s, when the novel is set, this job represented a way to get rich, the core value of the American Dream. Gatsby was a millionaire, who chased a dream too, one of rekindling love with Daisy, Nick's cousin, a bored, rich, totally unfeeling and spoilt woman. Her rich husband, Tom Buchanan, a businessman, was also less than moral, flattering his mistress, Myrtle Wilson, the wife of a garage owner. It was George Wilson's love for Myrtle that brought about the tragedy contained in the Gatsby plot. Gatsby wanted to recapture his dream of love. So he began an affair with Daisy; she was flattered and bored. This action helped to erode Nick's illusions, and show what wealth can do to people. Gatsby suffered from the realization that Daisy was not the wonderful person he dreamed of, but a shallow and materialistic person. Eventually, Tom Buchanan suspected what was happening between Gatsby and Daisy, and confronted Gatsby. It was soon after this that Daisy ran Myrtle Wilson down, while driving Gatsby's yellow automobile. The tragedy was begun, when Tom Buchanan put the idea into head of George Wilson, that Gatsby had killed Myrtle. In fact, Daisy was secure in the belief that superior status and wealth made her immune, and also, her character was such that she cared little for another human being. Tom Buchanan was the catalyst that sent the emotionally disturbed George to shoot Gatsby for killing Myrtle, then committing suicide. Two dreams turned to dust:George's of love and the chance to pursue the dream of capitalist endeavor and success, Gatsby's of recapturing romantic love and the more innocent past, when, in his mind, Daisy was golden and true. The complete destruction was symbolically expressed when none of Gatsby's rich "friends" were touched by his death. It was left to Nick, a relative stranger, to make the funeral arrangements. This highlighted the total shallowness of that wealthy, corrupt society, and showed what a worthless person Daisy herself was. At the end, Nick returned to the beliefs of his Mid Western upbringing. After one last meeting with Tom Buchanan, one last look at Gatsby's mansion, having buried his friend, he left for home. As Gatsby lost his dream and his life, Fitzgerald drew a portrait of the death of the American Dream.
If you could see a movie of your life before you lived it, would you want to live it? Probably not. The excitement of living is that you don't know what's coming. Sure, it's hard to see uncertainty in such active light when you're out of work, or when you feel like you're failing. But uncertainty is really another word for chance. When Allison graduated from Harvard, she had chances all over the place but had no idea what she wanted to do. She took a job in consulting ,but she knew she wouldn't stay there. She took the GRE and scored so high that she was able to increase her income by teaching students. Still, she didn't think she wanted to go to graduate school . Allison knew she wasn't doing what she wanted, but she didn't know what she wanted. She worried. All her friends were going to graduate school or starting their own businesses. She was lost and felt that she would never find anything out. After six years, Allison, by having a plan in mind, got married, moved to the Midwest, and used her consulting experience to get a great job. Allison realized that she spent her years finding her way: time well spent, and time we must all take if we're being honest with ourselves. The only way to lead an interesting life is to face uncertainty and make a choice. Otherwise your life is not your own - it is a path someone else has chosen. Moments of uncertainty are when you create your life, and when you become who you are. Uncertainty usually begins with a job hunt, but it doesn't end there. Every new role we take on means another round of uncertainty. Instead of fearing it, you should find some ways to deal with uncertainty
Strasbourg (/ˈstræzbɜːrɡ/, French pronunciation: ​[stʁaz.buʁ, stʁas.buʁ]; Alsatian: Strossburi; German: Straßburg, [ˈʃtʁaːsbʊɐ̯k]) is the capital and largest city of the Alsace-Champagne-Ardenne-Lorraine (ACAL) region in eastern France and is the official seat of the European Parliament. Located close to the border with Germany, it is the capital of the Bas-Rhin département. The city and the region of Alsace were historically predominantly Alemannic-speaking, hence the city's Germanic name. In 2013, the city proper had 275,718 inhabitants, Eurométropole de Strasbourg (Greater Strasbourg) had 475,934 inhabitants and the Arrondissement of Strasbourg had 482,384 inhabitants. With a population of 768,868 in 2012, Strasbourg's metropolitan area (only the part of the metropolitan area on French territory) is the ninth largest in France and home to 13% of the ACAL region's inhabitants. The transnational Eurodistrict Strasbourg-Ortenau had a population of 915,000 inhabitants in 2014.   Strasbourg's historic city centre, the Grande Île (Grand Island), was classified a World Heritage site by UNESCO in 1988, the first time such an honour was placed on an entire city centre. Strasbourg is immersed in the Franco-German culture and although violently disputed throughout history, has been a bridge of unity between France and Germany for centuries, especially through the University of Strasbourg, currently the second largest in France, and the coexistence of Catholic and Protestant culture. The largest Islamic place of worship in France, the Strasbourg Grand Mosque, was inaugurated by French Interior Minister Manuel Valls on 27 September 2012.
With Walter White dead, fans everywhere are mourning, celebrating, tallying up bets and discussing what just happened. Was the series finale of "Breaking Bad" satisfying? Did it tie up all loose ends? Did the character you wanted to live survive and did the ones you wanted to die get their just deserts? Is it sending you back to the beginning to binge watch it all over again?   Just when it seemed Walt was heading out of his New Hampshire hideaway to exact revenge on Elliot and Gretchen Schwartz (for dismissing his involvement with Gray Matter Technologies in the episode previous), he pulled the first of several surprises of the evening. Instead of threatening to kill them outright, he asks them to set up a trust fund so that his children would benefit from the money he'd illegally amassed (presumably the goal of his entire meth enterprise to begin with).   Gretchen and Elliott of course are terrified by his sudden appearance in their ritzy new home, but had they been paying attention, they would have seen Walt waltz on in. His entrance is a bit ironic, considering their wealth and legitimacy is in some way a result of his earlier contributions. He's always been there, in the shadows, whether they acknowledged him or not.   Bryan Cranston, man of the moment   Walt wants them to "make it right," but of course, he knows he can't trust them to take care of his kids on a handshake alone, so he brought backup -- two "hitmen" who shine sniper-style red lights on the Schwartzes to lend credibility to Walt's threat that if for any reason his children don't receive the money, "a kind of countdown begins," in which they would be killed. It's a bluff, but they don't know that, so it's a win-win. Walt's children will get the money in a semi-legal fashion, and no one will actually die in the process. 
(CNN)A teen couple from Kentucky was arrested Sunday after two weeks on the run following a series of car and gun thefts.   Dalton Hayes, 18, and Cheyenne Phillips, 13, were arrested in Panama City Beach, Florida, authorities said.   The two are suspected of stealing three cars -- two with guns inside -- in various states. They were the subjects of a search that stretched from Kentucky to Georgia.   Authorities discovered them asleep in a Toyota Tundra stolen in Georgia, the Grayson County Sheriff's Office in Kentucky said in a statement.   "The vehicle was surrounded by law enforcement, and both Hayes and Phillips were taken into custody without further incident," the sheriff's office said.   Officials are trying to get them extradited back to Kentucky to face multiple felony charges.   During their time on the run, authorities described the young couple as "increasingly brazen and dangerous."   "I know Dalton, and he has a history of making bad, bad decisions," Sheriff Norman Chaffins said.   "I was the school resource officer before I was elected sheriff. Dalton is known to have disciplinary and defiance issues at the high school with authority."   Hayes was recently charged with burglary and was out on bond, the sheriff said.   Cheyenne's family reported her missing January 3 from Clarkson, Kentucky. Hayes' relatives said they last heard from him in a text message on January 6.   Chaffins said the couple first stole a truck in Clarkson.   Jim McGrew, its owner, told CNN affiliate WAVE the teens took the truck out of his garage and sped down the road before crashing into a fence and fleeing on foot. The wreck caused about $7,100 in damage to his truck, he said. 
We have heard about people who have special memories. Recently there has been a report about a woman from Australia who can remember almost every detail of all the events in her daily life. Rebecca Sharrock, 25, is one of just 80 people worldwide who have been identified as having Highly Superior Autobiographical Memory ( HSAM,). It means she can remember every small event-which most people would forget with in (......) days-as if it had happened just minutes ago. "I remember my mum putting me in the driver's seat of a car and taking a picture of me when I was 12 days old," she said. "That's my earliest memory. I remember every day since then. I can't tell all the dates exactly because I was too young to understand calendars, but I remember what I did that every day, what the weather was like and so on." Rebecca can also re-experience taste. If she's eating something that she doesn't like, she thinks about Black Forest cake, her favorite food, and the memory will be so strong that she can nearly "taste" it. However, sometimes her memories prove to be painful. Because they're not just events that she remembers. "When I relive memories, the feelings return, too," Rebecca said. "For example, I remember falling over when I was three at my grandparents' house and hurting my left knee. Talking about it now, I feel painful in my left knee. " "At night, I have to sleep with the radio/recorder and a soft light on, she added. "1f it's too dark or quiet, my mind would be filled with all these memories and I can't sleep. "
Zebras cannot clap. However, one weekend a magic clown wiggled his nose and said a few magical words and a zebra could clap. This zebra lived in a zoo with many other zebras. This zebra's name was John, John the Zebra. John was so excited that he could clap. He tried to clap as much as he could. He had trouble understanding when and what to clap. He would clap at things that were sad and things that were happy. He clapped when he was excited and when he was scared. He even clapped that he could clap. After a couple of weeks, his friend Sam was getting annoyed with John. He said "John, I know you like clapping but I am beginning to be annoyed by your clapping." John said he was sorry, but that Sam did not understand how special it was to be the first Zebra that could clap. A few more weeks went by and the same Magical clown came by John's zoo. He looked at John, who was clapping his heart out, and wiggled his nose and said some different magical words. Suddenly, John could not clap any more. And that month was first and only time a zebra could clap.
Francis Scott Key Fitzgerald was born on September 24, 1896. He was an American writer of novels and short stories, whose works are the typical writings of the Jazz Age, a term he created himself.   Born into an upper middle-class Irish Catholic family, Fitzgerald was named after his famous second cousin, Francis Scott Key. He was also named after his deceased sister Louise Scott, one of two sisters who died shortly before his birth. He spent 1898-1901 in Syracuse and 1903-1908 in Buffalo, New York, where he attended Nardin Academy. When his father was fired from his company, the family returned to Minnesota, where Fitzgerald attended St. Paul Academy from 1908 to1911.   He is widely regarded as one of the 20th century's greatest writers. Fitzgerald is considered to be a member of the "Lost Generation" of the 1920s. He finished four novels, This Side of Paradise, The Beautiful and Damned, Tender Is the Night and his most famous classic novel, The Great Gatsby. A fifth, unfinished novel, The Love of the Last Tycoon was published after his death. Fitzgerald also wrote many short stories that dealt with themes of youth.   His first literary work, a detective story, was published in a school newspaper when he was 12. When he was 16, he was forced to leave St. Paul Academy for neglecting his studies. He attended Newman School, a prep school in Hackensack, New Jersey, in 1911-1912, and entered Princeton University in 1913 as a member of the Class of 1917. There he became friends with future critics and writers Edmund Wilson (Class of 1916) and John Peale Bishop (Class of 1917), and wrote for the Princeton Triangle Club. He was also a member of the University Cottage Club, which still displays Fitzgerald's desk and writing materials in its library. A poor student, Fitzgerald left Princeton to enlist in the US Army during World War I; however, the war ended shortly after Fitzgerald's enlistment.   Fitzgerald had been an alcoholic since his college days, leaving him in poor health by the late 1930s. Fitzgerald suffered a mild attack of tuberculosis in 1919, and died of a heart attack in 1940.
Spiderman is one of the most famous comic book characters. He was created by Stan Lee in 1963 and was first introduced to the world in the page of Marvel comic books. Spiderman's story is the story of Peter Parker, a child who lost his parents and lives with his aunt and uncle. Peter is a shy, quiet boy wearing glasses and has few friends. One day, on a high school class trip to a science lab, he was bitten by a special spider . Soon Peter realizes he has amazing powers: he is as strong and quick as a spider and also has a type of sixth sense. He no longer needs his glasses and he can use his super power to fly through the city streets! Remembering something his uncle Ben has told him, that "with great power, there must also come great responsibility ,"Peter decides to use his powers to fight enemies who do cruel things to people. And so, Spiderman is born. Life is not easy for Peter even though he is a superhero. He is in love with Mary Jane but cannot tell her about his amazing powers. Besides, his best friend Harry hates Spiderman! Peter is also short of money and time. He has to sell photos of Spiderman (himself) to a newspaper and he keeps losing his jobs because he is so busy saving people! Yet he has to fight different kinds of cruel enemies. ,.
The President of the Russian Federation () is the elected head of state, Supreme Commander-in-Chief, and holder of the highest office in the Russian Federation. The current President of Russia is Vladimir Putin.   In 1991, the office was briefly known as the President of the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic () until 25 December 1991. According to the 1978 Russian Constitution, the President of Russia was head of the executive branch and headed the Council of Ministers of Russia. According to the current 1993 Constitution of Russia, the President of Russia is not a part of the Government of Russia, which exercises executive power.   In all cases where the President of the Russian Federation is unable to fulfill his duties, they shall be temporarily delegated to the Prime Minister, who becomes Acting President of Russia. The Chairman of the Federation Council is the third important position after the President and the Prime Minister. In the case of incapacity of both the President and Prime Minister, the chairman of the upper house of parliament becomes acting head of state.   The power includes execution of federal law, alongside the responsibility of appointing federal ministers, diplomatic, regulatory and judicial officers, and concluding treaties with foreign powers with the advice and consent of the State Duma and the Federation Council. The president is further empowered to grant federal pardons and reprieves, and to convene and adjourn the Federal Assembly under extraordinary circumstances. The president also directs the foreign and domestic policy of the Russian Federation.
At times it was almost painful to watch. At one end of the court the world's No. 1 female tennis star playing well within herself; at the other her sister, a long way away from regaining that form and status.   "Venus has had a great week, and honestly, if she hadn't had to play so many matches, it would have been a much tougher match," Serena Williams said after comfortably beating her older sibling on Saturday to reach the final of the Family Circle Cup in Charleston.   The 31-year-old was slightly overstating the rigors of the competition in South Carolina, a tournament that heralded the formation of the women's tour back in 1973 but has this week attracted just two of the world's top-10 players.   Serena is one, and the other -- 10th-ranked Caroline Wozniacki -- crashed out in the quarterfinals on Friday against Swiss No. 63 Stefanie Vogele.   Both Williams sisters won two matches on Friday to set up their first meeting since 2009, but it was defending champion Serena who looked the least affected as she won 6-1 6-2 in just 54 minutes.   "She'll never admit it, but I don't think she was 100%," Serena said of her sister, who was diagnosed with a debilitating autoimmune disease before the 2011 U.S. Open -- a grand slam she has won twice, along with her five Wimbledons.   "But you will never get that out of her. And quite frankly, three matches for her is much tougher than three matches for me. It's definitely not easy -- because I'm struggling, and I can't imagine what she must be feeling." 
The Parliament of England was the legislature of the Kingdom of England, existing from the early 13th century until 1707, when it became the Parliament of Great Britain after the political union of England and Scotland created the Kingdom of Great Britain.   In 1066, William of Normandy introduced what, in later centuries, became referred to as a feudal system, by which he sought the advice of a council of tenants-in-chief (a person who held land) and ecclesiastics before making laws. In 1215, the tenants-in-chief secured Magna Carta from King John, which established that the king may not levy or collect any taxes (except the feudal taxes to which they were hitherto accustomed), save with the consent of his royal council, which gradually developed into a parliament.   Over the centuries, the English Parliament progressively limited the power of the English monarchy which arguably culminated in the English Civil War and the trial and execution of Charles I in 1649. After the restoration of the monarchy under Charles II, and the subsequent Glorious Revolution of 1688, the supremacy of Parliament was a settled principle and all future English and later British sovereigns were restricted to the role of constitutional monarchs with limited executive authority. The Act of Union 1707 merged the English Parliament with the Parliament of Scotland to form the Parliament of Great Britain. When the Parliament of Ireland was abolished in 1801, its former members were merged into what was now called the Parliament of the United Kingdom.
Warner Bros. Records Inc. is an American major record label established in 1958 as the foundation label of the present-day Warner Music Group (WMG), and now operates as a wholly owned subsidiary of that corporation. Warner Bros. Records was established on March 19, 1958, as the recorded-music division of the American film studio Warner Bros.. For most of its early existence it was one of a group of labels owned and operated by larger parent corporations. The sequence of companies that controlled Warner Bros. and its allied labels evolved through a convoluted series of corporate mergers and acquisitions from the early 1960s to the early 2000s. Over this period, Warner Bros. Records grew from a struggling minor player in the music industry to become one of the top recording labels in the world.   In 2003, these music assets were divested by their then owner Time Warner and purchased by a private equity group. This independent company traded as the Warner Music Group before being bought by Access Industries in 2011. WMG is the smallest of the three major international music conglomerates and the world's last publicly traded major music company. Cameron Strang serves as CEO of the company.   Artists currently signed to Warner Bros. Records include Sleeping with Sirens, Cher, Kylie Minogue, Kimbra, the Goo Goo Dolls, Sheryl Crow, Ciara, Gorillaz, Adam Lambert, Bette Midler, Blur, Duran Duran, Fleet Foxes, Jason Derulo, Kid Rock, Lily Allen, Linkin Park, Muse, Nile Rodgers, the Red Hot Chili Peppers, the Black Keys, My Chemical Romance and Regina Spektor.
A little mouse lived in a little house. The mouse would hurry along the walls at night looking for food. Sometimes he'd find frosting from a cake. Those were good days. Sometimes he'd find paint from a paint can. Those were bad days. Either way, he'd always get scared whenever the phone rang. It was so loud and made him jump. Yesterday he tripped over a wire because he wasn't looking where he was going. The television was on full volume so no one saw it. He loved running around in the kitchen. There was always leftover food on a spoon in the sink. Sometimes it was dried food and he'd have to scrape it off with his claws. It still tasted good to the mouse. He was so happy there were no other animals living around there. He had heard a piggy ate a lot more than a mouse. He didn't want to have to fight a piggy over food. Life was really good for this little mouse.
He was a hero that saved two children from the jaws of a cougar . Standing barely 1.7 meters, the 22-year-old with black-frame glasses might pass more for a Chinese Harry Potter. Yet Shen Huigang is now getting recognition for his bravery in fighting off a cougar on Vancouver Island, Canada, during a family outing. Shen, also known as Ian, was then an exchange student. With him was a friend, Myles Hagar, and Hagar's two grandchildren. Silently and suddenly a cougar appeared out of nowhere. By the time they spotted the cat, it already had the head of 18-month-old Julien in its mouth.   "At first, my brain was nothing but blank," Shen recalled. "But I believed I could get the child back." He gestured as if he were ready for a fight, and tried to scare the beast off with his bag. Hearing the noise Shen made, the animal dropped the baby and Hagar rushed to grab his grandson. But the animal didn't run, instead turned toward 3-year-old Iris standing beside Shen. "Had Ian not been there, shouting at the cougar, remaining calm and standing firm, it would certainly have attacked Iris." Hagar recalled.   They chased the animal back into the woods. "We moved slowly to our vehicle as we waved our fists and bags, pretending to wrestle it," Shen said. "The vehicle wasn't far away but it felt like it took us a century to travel the short journey." As Hagar drove for help, Shen held the heavily-bleeding boy in the passenger seat and calmly kept him awake by hugging and kissing him in case he would go into a coma . The boy was flown to a hospital nearby. Doctors later said his little skull had been punctured through to his brain in two places. Luckily, Julien made a full recovery.   "Any hesitation, even a second delay, would have resulted in certain death for Julien, but Ian was there..." Hagar said. Following the incident, the story appeared on Canadian TV networks in every city, and in many small town newspapers---plus many US Internet news sites. The Royal Canadian Humane Association planned to give Shen a Canada Bravery Award, but it couldn't reach him because he had returned to China.
Keesh lived at the North Pole a long time ago. He lived near the edge of the polar sea. He was a bright thirteen-year-old boy with a strong, healthy body. His father was a brave man who had died during a food shortage in the village. His father tried to save the lives of his people by fighting a giant polar bear. Keesh's father was crushed to death during the struggle. But he killed the bear, and the meat from the bear kept the people from starving.   Keesh was his only son, and he lived alone with his mother. But people are forgetful, and they soon forgot how Keesh's father had saved their lives. And since Keesh was only a boy and his mother was a woman and not a warrior , they were forced to live in the smallest and poorest igloo in the village.   One night there was a council meeting in the large igloo of Klosh-Kwan, who was the chief. At that meeting Keesh showed how much courage he possessed. He rose to his feet and waited for silence. Then, with the dignity of an older man, he said, " It is true that my mother and I are given meat to eat. But the meat is always old and tough, filled with bones, and difficult to eat."   The hunters--both the young and the old--were shocked to hear a child speak to them that way. But Keesh went on steadily, "Because my father, Bok, was a great hunter, I can speak these words. You know that Bok brought home more meat than any hunter in the village. The oldest woman, the weakest old man, received a fair share."   Keesh waited calmly until the shouting died down. "My mother has no one except me, and therefore I must speak. My father put his life in danger and died, to provide food for this village. It is only right that I, his son and his wife should have enough good meat as long as there is plenty of good meat in this village. I, Keesh, the son of Bok, have spoken."   He sat down. He could hear angry murmuring all around him. Some men began to shout at Keesh. They ordered him to leave. They threatened to punish him by not giving him any food at all. Keesh's eyes flashed and the blood pounded under his skin. In the midst of the noise and the uproar, he jumped to his feet.   "Listen to me, you men!" he shouted. "I shall never speak in this council again--not until you come to invite me to speak. My father was a great hunter, and so will I be."   They laughed at Keesh and followed him out of the igloo, shouting at him. But Keesh said nothing more. He walked away with his head raised, looking neither to the left nor the right....   ---Based on a story by Jack London
Children can spend hours a day looking at computer screens and other digital devices . Some eye doctors say this leads to an increase in "computer vision syndrome ." Nathan Bonilla-Warford is an optometrist in Tampa, Florida. He has seen an increase in problems in children. "A lot more children come into the office either because their parents have noticed that they have headaches or red or watery eyes or discomfort, or because their nearsightedness appears to be increasing and they're worried," he says. Dr. Bonilla-Warford says part of the problem is that children may be more likely to pay no attention to early warning signs than adults. "Even if their eyes start to feel uncomfortable or they start to get a headache, they're less likely to tell their parents, because they don't want to have the game or the computer or whatever taken away," he explains. He says another part of the problem is that people blink less often when they use digital devices. He says, "A person who uses an electronic device blinks about one third as much as we normally do in everyday life. And so that can result in the front part of the eye drying and not staying protected like normal." Eye doctors offer suggestions like following which is known as the 20/20/20 rule. That means every twenty minutes look away twenty feet or more for at least twenty seconds from whatever device you're using. Other suggestions include putting more distance between you and the device and using good lighting. Of course, another way is to spend less time looking at screens. Many experts say children should spend no more than two hours a day using digital devices--with no screen time for children under two. But not all eye doctors have noticed an increase in problems in children. Dr. David Hunter, from Children's Hospital Boston, has not seen an increase in his practice. "While it is possible to develop _ looking at screens for a long period of time, there's certainly no proof that it actually causes any damage to the eyes." he says.
The Rolling Stones are an English rock band formed in London in 1962. The first stable line-up consisted of Brian Jones (guitar, harmonica), Mick Jagger (lead vocals), Keith Richards (guitar, backing vocals), Bill Wyman (bass), Charlie Watts (drums), and Ian Stewart (piano). Stewart was removed from the official line-up in 1963 but continued as a touring member until his death in 1985. Jones left the band less than a month prior to his death in 1969, having already been replaced by Mick Taylor, who remained until 1974. After Taylor left the band, Ronnie Wood took his place in 1975 and has been on guitar in tandem with Richards ever since. Following Wyman's departure in 1993, Darryl Jones joined as their touring bassist. Touring keyboardists for the band have been Nicky Hopkins (1967–1982), Ian McLagan (1978–1981), Billy Preston (through the mid-1970s) and Chuck Leavell (1982–present). The band was first led by Jones, but after teaming as the band's songwriters, Jagger and Richards assumed leadership while Jones dealt with legal and personal troubles.   The Rolling Stones were at the forefront of the British Invasion of bands that became popular in the US in 1964, and identified with the youthful and rebellious counterculture of the 1960s. Rooted in blues and early rock and roll, the group began a short period of musical experimentation in the mid-1960s that peaked with the psychedelic album "Their Satanic Majesties Request" (1967). Subsequently, the group returned to its "bluesy" roots with "Beggars Banquet" (1968) which along with its follow-ups "Let It Bleed" (1969), "Sticky Fingers" (1971) and "Exile on Main St." (1972) is generally considered to be the band's best work and is seen as their "Golden Age". During this period, they were first introduced on stage as "The World's Greatest Rock and Roll Band". Musicologist Robert Palmer attributed the "remarkable endurance" of the Rolling Stones to being "rooted in traditional verities, in rhythm-and-blues and soul music", while "more ephemeral pop fashions have come and gone".
Tiger was a pig. Tiger's aunt Tabby always took care of Tiger. All Tiger had to do was make an oink and Tabby would come running to check on Tiger. Sometimes Tiger got into fights with his brother Tom and Tabby always took Tiger's side. One time Tiger accidentally lit a bush on fire when he was playing with a looking glass and the bush burned to the ground. Tabby was very mad and Tiger blamed it on Tom. Tabby believed Tiger, because she thought Tom was a trouble maker. One time Tabby took a trip to the ocean and she took Tiger, but not Tom. Tom was very upset, but acted like he didn't want to go. Tom said he would rather go to the forest, the moon or the mountains, but never would he go to the ocean. This wasn't true, but Tom didn't want to let Tiger and Tabby know that they hurt him. When Tabby and Tom went to the ocean, their uncle Leon came to visit and to take care of Tom. Tom had never met Leon before. Leon loved Tom and made him feel very special. When Tabby and Tom came home Leon left and Tom went to live with him. They went to the ocean together; the mountains, the forest and Leon even took Tom to the moon. Tom was happy, because he got to see things that Tiger never got to see. They lived happily ever after.
A Muslim is someone who follows or practices Islam, a monotheistic Abrahamic religion. Muslims consider the Quran (Koran), their holy book, to be the verbatim word of God as revealed to the Islamic prophet and messenger Muhammad. The majority of Muslims also follow the teachings and practices of Muhammad ("sunnah") as recorded in traditional accounts ("hadith"). "Muslim" is an Arabic word meaning "one who submits (to Allah)".   The beliefs of Muslims include: that God is eternal, transcendent and absolutely one ("tawhid" or monotheism); that God is incomparable, self-sustaining and neither begets nor was begotten; that Islam is the complete and universal version of a primordial faith that has been revealed before through many prophets including Abraham, Moses, Ishmael and Jesus; that these previous messages and revelations have been partially changed or corrupted over time ("tahrif") and that the Qur'an is the final unaltered revelation from God (The Final Testament).   The religious practices of Muslims are enumerated in the Five Pillars of Islam: the declaration of faith ("shahadah"), daily prayers ("salat"), fasting during the month of Ramadan ("sawm"), almsgiving ("zakat"), and the pilgrimage to Mecca ("hajj") at least once in a lifetime.   To become a Muslim and to convert to Islam is essential to utter the "Shahada", one of the Five Pillars of Islam, a declaration of faith and trust that professes that there is only one God "(Allah)" and that Muhammad is God's messenger. It is a set statement normally recited in Arabic: "lā ʾilāha ʾillā-llāhu muḥammadun rasūlu-llāh" () "There is no god but Allah , (and) Muhammad is the messenger of God."
The Flamingo Las Vegas is one of the oldest Las Vegas hotels. There are lots of wonderful Las Vegas shows that will leave a good impression on you. Here are the Las Vegas shows being performed at the hotel.   Donny and Marie   Donny and Marie is a family-friendly variety show. It is performed by well-known Donny and Marie Osmond on all weekdays except on Sundays and Mondays. The show follows the winning formula of their 1970s TV program, incorporating dancing, humor and all of their hit songs. It starts at 7:30 pm and each ticket costs at least $91.25.   Olivia Newton-John   Grammy award-winning singer Olivia Newton-John is "hopelessly devoted" to perform many of her fans, opening "Summer Nights" to perform many of her best-loved songs during her four decades long career. Alongside an eight-piece band, Newton-John will share stories about her career and sing many songs. Concert-goers can buy meet and greet tickets at $249. Regular price tickets start from $78.5. The show starts at 7:30 pm on Tuesdays, Wednesdays, Thursdays, Fridays and Saturdays.   Vinnie Favorito   Vinnie Favorito is a famous actor who is known to make people laugh. His jokes are very popular. Unlike other comedians who use pre-developed material, Vinnie Farorito gets his comedy from his interaction with people in the audience. The tickets start from $68.95. Performance days are six days per week except Sundays. Show time is 8 pm..   X Burlesque   X Burlesque is a wonderful show performed by six dancing ladies. The show is filled with popular music that suits everyone's taste from rock to country and a variety of dancing styles that allow each dancer to showcase her unique talents. The tickets start from $50.26. It is a daily show at 10:00 pm.
Billy and his friend Jake were walking together to meet their friends Kevin and Gordon at the park. They sometimes played in each Jake's backyard, but there was much more room at the park. And it was far too dangerous to play in the street. They were going to play touch football. They would sometimes played baseball and soccer, and even kickball but today the weather was perfect for football. The summer breeze almost blew Billy's cap off. Billy loved summertime. He liked the fall, too, when the leaves started to turn pretty colors. But he hated winter. Billy didn't like the snow. Spring was also nice. Jake was drinking a Pepsi, and Billy had a bottle of water. Gordon and Kevin would most likely be drinking blue or red Gatorade at the park where they waited.
In European history, the Middle Ages or medieval period lasted from the 5th to the 15th century. It began with the collapse of the Western Roman Empire and merged into the Renaissance and the Age of Discovery. The Middle Ages is the middle period of the three traditional divisions of Western history: Antiquity, Medieval period, and Modern period. The Medieval period is itself subdivided into the Early, the High, and the Late Middle Ages.   Depopulation, deurbanisation, invasion, and movement of peoples, which had begun in Late Antiquity, continued in the Early Middle Ages. The barbarian invaders, including various Germanic peoples, formed new kingdoms in what remained of the Western Roman Empire. In the 7th century, North Africa and the Middle East—once part of the Eastern Roman Empire—came under the rule of the Caliphate, an Islamic empire, after conquest by Muhammad's successors. Although there were substantial changes in society and political structures, the break with Antiquity was not complete. The still-sizeable Byzantine Empire survived in the east and remained a major power. The empire's law code, the Code of Justinian, was rediscovered in Northern Italy in 1070 and became widely admired later in the Middle Ages. In the West, most kingdoms incorporated the few extant Roman institutions. Monasteries were founded as campaigns to Christianise pagan Europe continued. The Franks, under the Carolingian dynasty, briefly established the Carolingian Empire during the later 8th and early 9th century. It covered much of Western Europe, but later succumbed to the pressures of internal civil wars combined with external invasions—Vikings from the north, Magyars from the east, and Saracens from the south.
Ivory Coast () or Côte d'Ivoire, officially the Republic of Côte d'Ivoire (), is a country located in West Africa. Ivory Coast's political capital is Yamoussoukro, and its economic capital and largest city is the port city of Abidjan. Its bordering countries are Guinea and Liberia in the west, Burkina Faso and Mali in the north, and Ghana in the east. The Gulf of Guinea (Atlantic Ocean) is located south of Ivory Coast.   Prior to its colonization by Europeans, Ivory Coast was home to several states, including Gyaaman, the Kong Empire, and Baoulé. Two Anyi kingdoms, "Indénié" and "Sanwi", attempted to retain their separate identity through the French colonial period and after independence. Ivory Coast became a protectorate of France in 1843–1844 and was later formed into a French colony in 1893 amid the European scramble for Africa. Ivory Coast achieved independence in 1960, led by Félix Houphouët-Boigny, who ruled the country until 1993. The country maintained close political and economic association with its West African neighbors while at the same time maintaining close ties to the West, especially France. Since the end of Houphouët-Boigny's rule in 1993, Ivory Coast has experienced one "coup d'état", in 1999, and two religion-grounded civil wars. The first took place between 2002 and 2007 and the second during 2010–2011. In 2000, the country adopted a new Constitution.
Baghdad is the capital of Iraq. The population of Baghdad, , is approximately 8,765,000, making it the largest city in Iraq, the second largest city in the Arab world (after Cairo, Egypt), and the second largest city in Western Asia (after Tehran, Iran).   Located along the Tigris River, the city was founded in the 8th century and became the capital of the Abbasid Caliphate. Within a short time of its inception, Baghdad evolved into a significant cultural, commercial, and intellectual center for the Islamic world. This, in addition to housing several key academic institutions (e.g., House of Wisdom), garnered the city a worldwide reputation as the "Centre of Learning".   For five centuries from its founding Baghdad was the largest city of the Middle Ages, peaking at a population of more than a million. The city was largely destroyed at the hands of the Mongol Empire in 1258, resulting in a decline that would linger through many centuries due to frequent plagues and multiple successive empires. With the recognition of Iraq as an independent state (formerly the British Mandate of Mesopotamia) in 1938, Baghdad gradually regained some of its former prominence as a significant center of Arab culture.   In contemporary times, the city has often faced severe infrastructural damage, most recently due to the 2003 invasion of Iraq, and the subsequent Iraq War that lasted until December 2011. In recent years, the city has been frequently subjected to insurgency attacks. , Baghdad was listed as one of the least hospitable places in the world to live, and was ranked by Mercer as the worst of 221 major cities as measured by quality-of-life.
Imperialism is a type of advocacy of empire. Its name originated from the Latin word "imperium", which means to rule over large territories. Imperialism is "a policy of extending a country's power and influence through colonization, use of military force, or other means". Imperialism has greatly shaped the contemporary world. It has also allowed for the rapid spread of technologies and ideas. The term imperialism has been applied to Western (and Japanese) political and economic dominance especially in Asia and Africa in the 19th and 20th centuries. Its precise meaning continues to be debated by scholars. Some writers, such as Edward Said, use the term more broadly to describe any system of domination and subordination organised with an imperial center and a periphery.   Imperialism is defined as "A policy of extending a country’s power and influence through diplomacy or military force." Imperialism is particularly focused on the control that one group, often a state power, has on another group of people. This is often through various forms of "othering" (see other) based on racial, religious, or cultural stereotypes. There are "formal" or "informal" imperialisms. "Formal imperialism" is defined as "physical control or full-fledged colonial rule". "Informal imperialism" is less direct; however, it is still a powerful form of dominance.
"Is it possible for Brownie not to be glad to be back after a happy stay at my uncle's?"Miss Gauss asked Dad."It'll be all right. Give her a bit more to eat," he said in a low voice, without tearing his eyes from Brownie while his wife was busy packing Brownie's belongings, saying,"Brownie is not so cute as her younger brother, Spotty. Take care of the little thing when walking him."   It happened on the night of July 10th, 2013 before the Gausses took a trip to Hawaii. They entrusted their pet to me because they thought I was the first person they'd confide in. And another intention of theirs was that I had already trained Spotty into a wellknown pet in my community, which can act many tricks, such as "Sit down!" "Stand up!" "Give me your right hand!" "Turn around!" She can even sing, and, of course, that's just a strange sharp noise. Having seen them off, I took beautiful Brownie home in my arms, for fear that he would slip away.   _ so I tried many ways to be his friend, which made Spotty rather unhappy. They often fought a battle, seemingly to break my roof loose. Soon, Brownie turned out to be an agreeable family member. He was an endearing pet, often begging for comforts in my arms. I seized the chance to train him and he achieved a lot, which I texted Mr.Gauss. They were so overjoyed and decided to fly home ahead of time to see Brownie's qualitative change.   But,all this was thoroughly destroyed because of Brownie's death in a traffic accident. What a poor little creature!He was really dogged by bad luck, and he was saved from death shortly after his birth. For whatever reason,therefore, I was overwhelmed by feelings of guilt, which seemed to run most deeply in me.   The best way to cheer ourselves up is to try first to cheer somebody else up. That will be an everlasting pain in my heart, a wound that does not heal.
Marvel counts among its characters such well-known superheroes as Spider-Man, Iron Man, Captain America, Wolverine, Thor, Hulk, Ant-Man, such teams as the Avengers, the Guardians of the Galaxy, the Fantastic Four, the Inhumans and the X-Men, and antagonists such as Doctor Doom, The Enchantress, Green Goblin, Ultron, Doctor Octopus, Thanos, Magneto and Loki. Most of Marvel's fictional characters operate in a single reality known as the Marvel Universe, with locations that mirror real-life cities. Characters such as Spider-Man, the Fantastic Four, the Avengers, Daredevil and Doctor Strange are based in New York City, whereas the X-Men have historically been based in Salem Center, New York and Hulk's stories often have been set in the American Southwest.   Martin Goodman founded the company later known as Marvel Comics under the name Timely Publications in 1939. Martin Goodman, a pulp magazine publisher who had started with a Western pulp in 1933, was expanding into the emerging—and by then already highly popular—new medium of comic books. Launching his new line from his existing company's offices at 330 West 42nd Street, New York City, he officially held the titles of editor, managing editor, and business manager, with Abraham Goodman officially listed as publisher.
The movement was pioneered by Georges Braque and Pablo Picasso, joined by Jean Metzinger, Albert Gleizes, Robert Delaunay, Henri Le Fauconnier, Fernand Léger and Juan Gris. A primary influence that led to Cubism was the representation of three-dimensional form in the late works of Paul Cézanne. A retrospective of Cézanne's paintings had been held at the Salon d'Automne of 1904, current works were displayed at the 1905 and 1906 Salon d'Automne, followed by two commemorative retrospectives after his death in 1907.   In France, offshoots of Cubism developed, including Orphism, Abstract art and later Purism. In other countries Futurism, Suprematism, Dada, Constructivism and De Stijl developed in response to Cubism. Early Futurist paintings hold in common with Cubism the fusing of the past and the present, the representation of different views of the subject pictured at the same time, also called multiple perspective, simultaneity or multiplicity, while Constructivism was influenced by Picasso's technique of constructing sculpture from separate elements. Other common threads between these disparate movements include the faceting or simplification of geometric forms, and the association of mechanization and modern life.
One morning, Billy was giving some milk to his lamb, Beverly. He heard a noise coming from a nearby rock. He went to see what was making the sound, and Beverly followed him. He looked around the rock, but couldn't see anything. Billy tried to lift the rock with a stick, to see what was under it, but it was too heavy.   "I wonder what's making that noise," Billy said. Beverly ate some grass. He went back home. Beverly followed him.   Billy asked his wife, Judy, if she had anything that could lift the rock. She looked around the kitchen and found a spoon and a towel. "Use the spoon to dig under the rock," she said. "Then you can put the towel under the rock, and pull it towards you."   "That's a good idea," Billy said. He dug under the rock with the spoon. Then he tried to pull it towards him with the towel, but it was too heavy.   Then Beverly, the lamb, started pushing the rock with her forehead. At first, the rock only rolled around in its hole. Then, when Billy pulled and Beverly pushed at the same time, it rolled downhill.   "Thank you, Beverly," Billy said. "I couldn't have done it without you."   Billy and Beverly looked where the rock had been. In the middle of the circle of dirt, they saw a little cave with some baby bunnies in it. The bunnies looked hungry, and were crying for food. Billy went back home and told Judy, and she gave the bunnies some lettuce.
All the animals were having a picnic. Turtle brought hotdogs for everyone. All the animals came to make their hotdogs. Rabbit put ketchup on his hotdog. Duck put mustard on his hotdog. Bear put ketchup and mustard on his hotdog. Turtle and Fox did not put ketchup or mustard on their hotdog. Goose looked at the hotdogs. He did not like hotdogs at all. He was very hungry. He looked around for something else to eat. Duck had brought chips, but Goose did not like chips. Bear had brought salad, but Goose did not like salad. Fox had brought apples, but Goose did not like apples. Rabbit brought carrots, but Goose did not like carrots. Goose looked around for something that he liked. Then he saw something near the edge of the meadow. It was a bunch of red strawberries. Goose liked strawberries very much. He took a basket and gathered up as many strawberries as he could and brought them to the picnic. Everyone was happy, and Goose was not hungry any more.
The Canadian Hot 100 is a music industry record chart in Canada for singles, published weekly by "Billboard" magazine. The Canadian Hot 100 was launched on the issue dated June 16, 2007, and is currently the standard record chart in Canada; a new chart is compiled and officially released to the public by "Billboard" on Tuesdays.   The chart is similar to "Billboard"s US-based Hot 100 in that it combines physical and digital sales as measured by Nielsen SoundScan, streaming activity data provided by online music sources, and radio airplay as measured by Nielsen BDS. Canada's airplay chart is the result of monitoring more than 100 stations representing rock, country, adult contemporary and Top 40 genres.   The first number-one song of the Canadian Hot 100 was "Umbrella" by Rihanna featuring Jay-Z on June 16, 2007. As of the issue for the week ending October 7, 2017, the Canadian Hot 100 has had 117 different number-one hits. The current number-one is "Rockstar" by Post Malone featuring 21 Savage.   The chart was made available for the first time via "Billboard" online services on June 7, 2007 (issue dated June 16, 2007). With this launch, it marked the first time that "Billboard" created a Hot 100 chart for a country outside the United States. "Billboard" charts manager Geoff Mayfield announced the premiere of the chart, explaining "the new "Billboard" Canadian Hot 100 will serve as the definitive measure of Canada's most popular songs, continuing our magazine's longstanding tradition of using the most comprehensive resources available to provide the world's most authoritative music charts." The "Billboard" Canadian Hot 100 is managed by Paul Tuch, director of Canadian operations for Nielsen BDS, in consultation with Silvio Pietroluongo, "Billboard"s associate director of charts and manager of the "Billboard" Hot 100.
(CNN)Emile Hirsch should have probably stuck to screening movies at Sundance.   The "Lone Survivor" actor is being charged with felony aggravated assault and intoxication, prosecuting attorney Ryan Stack of the Summit County (Utah) Attorney's Office said Thursday.   Legal papers allege that Hirsch had a verbal and physical altercation with Daniele Bernfeld -- a Paramount executive -- at TAO nightclub in Park City during the 2015 Sundance Film Festival in January.   The early morning altercation reportedly involved Hirsch putting Bernfeld into a chokehold so forceful that she "couldn't breathe" and caused her to black out. Two bystanders pulled Hirsch off of Bernfeld before police arrived. Some "redness" was seen around Bernfeld's neck, according to authorities.   The incident happened after Hirsch allegedly confronted Bernfeld, calling her a "rich kid" and questioning why she looked "so tough." Hirsch reportedly admitted to being in a verbal confrontation with Bernfeld and that he had consumed three to four drinks that evening. He also claimed that he did not know Bernfeld personally.   That's not quite the same story he's sharing now. According to Hirsch's lawyer Robert Offer, he consumed an "enormous amount of alcohol that night" and has since checked himself into an alcohol rehabilitation facility, where he currently remains. Offer says Hirsch has no memory of what happened at the time of the allegations but is "devastated" over the incident.   Hirsch was at Sundance for the premiere of "Ten Thousands Saints," in which he stars with Ethan Hawke.   A Paramount representative has yet to respond to messages seeking comment. TAO declined to comment. 
Although Tokyo is one of the most expensive cities in the world , you will be surprised that there are still some free activities in Tokyo. Free temples ( ) There are many temples in Tokyo.The most famous one is Meiji Jingu.This is the most important temple in Tokyo. If you visit it , you can know more about Japanese history .Of course , it's free. Free museums If you go to Kanto Earthquake Museum , you can see the exhibitions and the memorial for the people who died in the 1923 earthquake _ Free parks There are two famous parks in Japan. They are Yoyogi Park and Ueno Park .Yoyogi Park is one of the largest parks in Tokyo .It is now a great place to see street performers.Ueno Park is popular with many Japanses people and foreign visitors. Free snacks Janpanese food is delicious and healthy . You can try different kinds of snacks , before spending money on them. You don't need to pay for them when you try them. ,, . (1,5)
Cambodia (; , or Kampuchea ), officially known as the Kingdom of Cambodia (, "Preăh Réachéanachâk Kâmpŭchéa", ), is a country located in the southern portion of the Indochina Peninsula in Southeast Asia. It is in area, bordered by Thailand to the northwest, Laos to the northeast, Vietnam to the east, and the Gulf of Thailand to the southwest.   Cambodia has a population of over floor(/1e6) million. The official religion is Theravada Buddhism, practiced by approximately 95 percent of the population. The country's minority groups include Vietnamese, Chinese, Chams, and 30 hill tribes. The capital and largest city is Phnom Penh, the political, economic, and cultural centre of Cambodia. The kingdom is a constitutional monarchy with Norodom Sihamoni, a monarch chosen by the Royal Throne Council, as head of state. The head of government is Hun Sen, who is currently the longest serving non-royal leader in South East Asia and has ruled Cambodia for over 30 years.   In 802 AD, Jayavarman II declared himself king, uniting the warring Khmer princes of Chenla under the name "Kambuja". This marked the beginning of the Khmer Empire which flourished for over 600 years, allowing successive kings to control and exert influence over much of Southeast Asia and accumulate immense power and wealth. The Indianized kingdom built monumental temples including Angkor Wat, now a World Heritage Site, and facilitated the spread of first Hinduism, then Buddhism to much of Southeast Asia. After the fall of Angkor to Ayutthaya in the 15th century, a reduced and weakened Cambodia was then ruled as a vassal state by its neighbours. In 1863 Cambodia became a protectorate of France which doubled the size of the country by reclaiming the north and west from Thailand.
David (; ; "Dawid"; ; ; Gəˁəz: Dawit; possibly meaning "beloved one") was the second king of the United Kingdom of Israel and Judah, according to the Hebrew Bible.   In the biblical narrative, David is a young shepherd who first gains fame as a musician and later by killing Goliath. He becomes a favorite of King Saul and a close friend of Saul's son Jonathan. Worried that David is trying to take his throne, Saul turns on David. After Saul and Jonathan are killed in battle, David is anointed as King. David conquers Jerusalem, taking the Ark of the Covenant into the city, and establishing the kingdom founded by Saul. As king, David arranges the death of Uriah the Hittite to cover his adultery with Bathsheba. The text does not state whether she consented to sex. According to the same biblical text, God denies David the opportunity to build the temple and his son, Absalom, tries to overthrow him. David flees Jerusalem during Absalom's rebellion, but after Absalom's death he returns to the city to rule Israel. Before his peaceful death, he chooses his son Solomon as his successor. He is mentioned in the prophetic literature as an ideal king and an ancestor of a future Messiah, and many psalms are ascribed to him.
John Fitzgerald "Jack" Kennedy (May 29, 1917 – November 22, 1963), commonly referred to by his initials JFK, was an American statesman who served as the 35th President of the United States from January 1961 until his assassination in November 1963. Kennedy served at the height of the Cold War, and much of his presidency focused on managing relations with the Soviet Union. He was a member of the Democratic Party who represented Massachusetts in the United States House of Representatives and the United States Senate prior to becoming president.   Kennedy was born in Brookline, Massachusetts, to Joseph P. Kennedy, Sr. and Rose Kennedy. A scion of the Kennedy family, he graduated from Harvard University in 1940 before joining the United States Naval Reserve the following year. During World War II, Kennedy commanded a series of PT boats in the Pacific theater and earned the Navy and Marine Corps Medal for his service. After the war, Kennedy represented Massachusetts's 11th congressional district in the United States House of Representatives from 1947 until 1953. He was subsequently elected to the U.S. Senate and served as the junior Senator from Massachusetts from 1953 until 1960. While serving in the Senate, he published "Profiles in Courage", which won the Pulitzer Prize for Biography. In the 1960 presidential election, Kennedy narrowly defeated Republican opponent Richard Nixon, who was the incumbent Vice President.
(RollingStone.com ) -- Like many authors, Courtney Love is a victim of writer's block.   For over a year, the Hole singer has been penning a memoir with Rolling Stone writer Anthony Bozza. "The Girl With the Most Cake" was originally supposed to hit bookshelves in December 2013 before being pushed back to early-2014. Three-quarters of the way through the year and Love's memoir is still nowhere on the release schedule, and as the singer tells Paper, don't expect to be reading her life story anytime soon. As it turns out, not everyone can write a 460-page autobiography as quickly and easily as Morrissey.   RS: Q&A with Courtney Love on her memoir and 'I'm Still Alive' tour   "It's a disaster. A nightmare," Love told Paper (via Billboard) of her memoir. "I never wanted to write a book in my entire life. It just sort of happened. And I have a co-writer, but it's just not working."   While Love originally told Rolling Stone the book would cover her life up until 2008, she's since subtracted a few years from the tome. "What happens from 2006 on in the book is my personal business. I've been discreet from that time on, and I want to keep it that way," Love said.   RS: Courtney Love wrote letters of apology over Springsteen diss   When Love first discussed her memoir with Rolling Stone in June 2013, she had high hopes for the book, citing Patti Smith's "Just Kids" and Russell Brand's "My Booky Wook" as influences. (But not Keith Richards' "Life," since it was "just so bloody long, I didn't even finish it.") If and when Love's memoir finally arrives through William Morrow at Harper Collins, she promises it will focus on her battles with drug addiction, her "tragic romance" with Kurt Cobain, her relationships with Billy Corgan and Trent Reznor, and her early years as a stripper. 
BMW AG is a Germany-based company which currently produces automobiles and motorcycles, and produced aircraft engines until 1945.   The company was founded in 1916 and has its headquarters in Munich, Bavaria. BMW produces motor vehicles in Germany, Brazil, China, India, South Africa and the United States. In 2015, BMW was the world's twelfth largest producer of motor vehicles, with 2,279,503 vehicles produced. The Quandt family are long-term shareholders of the company, with the remaining stocks owned by public float.   Automobiles are marketed under the brands BMW (with sub-brands BMW M for performance models and BMW i for plug-in electric cars), Mini and Rolls-Royce. Motorcycles are marketed under the brand BMW Motorrad.   The company has significant motorsport history, especially in touring cars, Formula 1, sports cars and the Isle of Man TT.   "BMW AG" is an abbreviation for the German name "Bayerische Motoren Werke Aktiengesellschaft" (). "Bayerische Motoren Werke" translates into English as "Bavarian Motor Works", while Aktiengesellschaft signifies it is a corporation owned by shareholders.   BMW's origins can be traced back to three separate German companies: Rapp Motorenwerke, Bayerische Flugzeugwerke and Automobilwerk Eisenach. The history of the name itself begins with Rapp Motorenwerke, an aircraft engine manufacturer. In April 1917, following the departure of the founder Karl Friedrich Rapp, the company was renamed Bayerische Motoren Werke (BMW).. BMW's first product was the BMW IIIa aircraft engine. The IIIa engine was known for good fuel economy and high-altitude performance. The resulting orders for IIIa engines from the German military caused rapid expansion for BMW.
My Left Foot (1989) Imagine _ , unable to make any movements except to move your left foot. The main character in My Left Foot,based on the real story of cerebral palsy sufferer Christy Brown,can barely move his mouth to speak, but by controlling his left foot, he's able to express himself as an artist and poet. For his moving performance of Brown, Daniel Lewis won his first Academy Award for best actor. Shine (1996) Do you have a talent you're afraid to share with the world? David Helfgott seemed meant from childhood to be "one of the truly great pianists," but the pressures of performing (and pleasing his father) resulted in a complete breakdown. Ten years in a mental hospital didn't weaken Helfgott's musical gift: When he was rediscovered, he was playing concertos in a bar. Shine received seven Oscar nominations , and Geoffrey Rush won best actor for his performance of Helfgott. Life Is Beautiful (1997) Nothing's more powerful than the love between a parent and a child. In this heartbreaking Italian film, a father (Roberto Benigni) makes an unbelievable sacrifice for his 4-year-old son: trapped in a Nazi concentration camp in 1945, the Jewish man convinces his boy that they are playing a complicated game. He manages to spare him the horror of the terrible war, and even in his final moments of life, keeps his son smiling and hopeful. Benigni won the best actor Oscar. Stand and Deliver (1988) Few people can inspire us more than a good teacher. Jaime Escalante (Edward James Olmos got Oscar nomination for best actor) is a great one. Employed at a high school where kids are expected to fail, Escalante challenges his math students to struggle for better things, like getting good grades in the AP exam. Despite the obstacles in their lives, the classmates achieve their goals, thanks to Mr. Escalante's support. The real Jaime Escalante, the Best Teacher in America, says that Stand and Deliver is "90% truth, 10% drama."
Perl is a family of high-level, general-purpose, interpreted, dynamic programming languages. The languages in this family include Perl 5 and Perl 6.   Though Perl is not officially an acronym, there are various backronyms in use, including "Practical Extraction and Reporting Language". Perl was originally developed by Larry Wall in 1987 as a general-purpose Unix scripting language to make report processing easier. Since then, it has undergone many changes and revisions. Perl 6, which began as a redesign of Perl 5 in 2000, eventually evolved into a separate language. Both languages continue to be developed independently by different development teams and liberally borrow ideas from one another.   The Perl languages borrow features from other programming languages including C, shell script (sh), AWK, and sed. They provide powerful text processing facilities without the arbitrary data-length limits of many contemporary Unix commandline tools, facilitating easy manipulation of text files. Perl 5 gained widespread popularity in the late 1990s as a CGI scripting language, in part due to its then unsurpassed regular expression and string parsing abilities.   In addition to CGI, Perl 5 is used for system administration, network programming, finance, bioinformatics, and other applications, such as for GUIs. It has been nicknamed "the Swiss Army chainsaw of scripting languages" because of its flexibility and power, and also its ugliness. In 1998, it was also referred to as the "duct tape that holds the Internet together", in reference to both its ubiquitous use as a glue language and its perceived inelegance.
Jim wanted to make a fun meal one day. After thinking about it for a long time, he chose to make a chicken dish. Jim made a trip to the store to collect all of the different things he would need to make this meal. He drove his blue truck to the store. On the way he passed a green car, a red van, and a yellow bus. When he got to the store, he met his friends Bob & Mark. He asked if they had seen his friend Joe, but they said no. At the store, Jim bought two pieces of chicken, tomato sauce, cheese, and bread. He drove back to the house, but he saw that something was missing. He had forgotten to grab the bag with the bread in it. He drove back to the store, apologized to the clerk, and grabbed his bag with the bread inside. When he got home, he began to get the food ready. It took him an hour to get the chicken ready to cook and the oven heated up. After that, it took him another hour to cook the food. He had to wait another hour after it was done cooking for his dinner guests to arrive. When they finally arrived, everyone told Jim how wonderful the food tasted, and everyone at the table asked for seconds. Jim smiled, glad that everyone loved this meal that he had worked so hard to make.
For Urban Treuil, there's no escaping the misery.   Because of Hurricane Isaac, Treuil's home in Braithwaite, Louisiana, is ruined by floodwaters. So, too, is the gas station and convenience store he owned and ran in the community, 15 miles by car and 10 miles as the crow flies from New Orleans.   But all that pales to what Treuil, the fire chief for Braithwaite and Woodlawn in Plaquemines Parish, saw when he and fellow volunteer firefighters steered their boat up to the home of a couple he knew. Inside, they found the pair floating in the kitchen, the first of at least three fatalities in Louisiana being blamed on Isaac.   "It's not something I want to see, and I hope it's the last ones we do see," said an exhausted Treuil on Friday, a day after he pulled the couple from the home.   In terms of total deaths, Isaac doesn't compare to Hurricane Katrina, which led to nearly 1,800 fatalities in New Orleans and the vicinity seven years ago. Isaac struck Louisiana on Tuesday night as a Category 1 hurricane, not a Category 3 like Katrina.   Don't tell that, though, to the thousands of residents in St. Tammany, Ascension, Plaquemines and other parishes who Friday found their homes and hometowns still deluged. Even with a few drops of drizzle falling all day and with levels down considerably from the previous day, waters were still 10 feet deep in spots.   "This is unbelievable. Deja vu, man," Billy Nungesser, president of Plaquemines Parish said Thursday as he surveyed the town of Ironton, inundated by floodwater and sludge. "There is more water here than Katrina." 
In most of the country, employers can force pregnant workers out of the workplace when their pregnancy interferes with their normal job duties.   Heather Wiseman, a retail sales associate, lost her job because consuming water while working, an activity necessary to maintain a healthy pregnancy, violated store policy.   Victoria Serednyj, a nursing home activity director, lost her job because her pregnancy interfered with her ability to lift heavy tables. Her employer terminated her employment even though lifting tables "took up a small part, roughly five to 10 minutes" of her day and her co-workers volunteered to perform this task.   Workers covered by the Americans with Disabilities Act, by contrast, can continue working despite their physical limitations.   The Americans with Disabilities Amendments Act of 2008 broadened the ADA to include many short-term and relatively minor physical conditions. Pregnant women who experience comparable physical limitations should also have the opportunity to receive accommodations that will enable them to continue working.   According to EEOC regulations issued in 2011, the amended ADA requires employers to accommodate persons who experience "shortness of breath and fatigue when walking distances that most people could walk without experiencing such effects."   It also requires employers to accommodate persons with back injuries resulting in a "20-pound lifting restriction that lasts or is expected to last for several months." In some circumstances, even a far more common 50-pound lifting restriction may qualify an individual for ADA coverage.   To date, courts have balked at including pregnancy within the Americans with Disabilities Act. They've reasoned the physical limitations accompanying pregnancy are too short-term and minor to qualify as disabilities. 
There was a very friendly cow named Mary who loved to walk around the town and eat lots of grass. Mary loved grass so much, but she hated when she got a mouthful of weeds or dirt. One day when Mary was looking for some tasty grass, she spotted a pretty purple flower. Without thinking she ate the flower and got very sick. Mary walked home feeling very bad, and when she passed some green, orange, and red flowers, she didn't dare to eat them. When Mary got home her mom asked her why she was so sick. Mary could tell her mom, dad, and brothers Donny and Sam would be mad at her if she said she ate a flower so she lied. She told them that a bee stung her and she wasn't feeling good today. Then she lay down in her bed and took a long nap to feel better.
Roger, a young man from China, has taught Chinese in a primary school in England for 3 years. Many children like his class and he enjoys teaching them very much. All the pupils are quite interested in what Roger teaches them. They learn quickly and do everything carefully. One day he said to the children, "People in a lot of Asian countries wear white clothes at funerals, but the people in America wear white in the weddings because white means purity and happiness. What colour does an English woman wear when she gets married ?" Mary said, "White, sir. Because she is happy." "That is good, Mary." Roger said, "You are quite right. She wears white because she is happy." But then one boy in the class put up his hand. "Yes, Dick?" Roger said, "Do you have a question?" "Yes." Dick said, "Why do men wear black in our country when they get married, sir?"
Marcel lived on a farm. Every morning when he woke up, he got dressed, washed his face, and then helped his Pa with the chores before having breakfast. After breakfast, he walked with his sisters to the school in the town.   One day on his way to school, Marcel remembered he left his books on the table. "Oh no!" he said. "I forgot my books!"   His older sister Lucianne frowned. "Oh, Marcel, how could you be so forgetful? You'll have to go home and get them."   Marcel's younger sister Paula was excited. "I can go get your books for you," she said.   "No," Marcel said. "You're too young to go home by yourself. It'll have to be me."   "Be careful," Lucianne warned him. "And hurry, or you'll be late for school."   Marcel chose to leave the road so he could get home faster. So he left the road and ran into the grassy pasture, passing by a group of lambs. The shepherd waved at him as he ran past.
Musa Kayairanga of Rwanda is a traditional healer. He uses natural medicines to treat his patients. He learned how to use computers at a rural telecommunications center in his country. Musa Kayairanga says he exchanges information with doctors as far away as Canada. He also says the computer has improved his knowledge of using plants to treat diseases. Many people in rural areas are now able to communicate with the rest of the world. This is one example of how technology is changing life in developing countries.   Andrew Burns is an economist at the World Bank in Washington, D.C. He led a recent study of technology in developing countries. The study found that technology has spread faster in such countries than in rich nations. It also found that technological progress has helped raise wages in developing countries. And it reduced the percentage of people living in extreme poverty from twenty-nine percent in 1990 to eighteen percent in 2004.   Progress in communications technology has aided the growth of call centers in developing countries. Call centers are offices where most telephone calls for a business can be answered. For example, a woman in the United States who calls her computer company about a problem might speak with someone in India or Pakistan.   Call centers serve businesses in local and international markets. And they have added to economic growth by providing well-paid jobs and new skills for workers who might not have had such employment. Ahsan Saeed is a young call center worker in Karachi, Pakistan. He says the job improves his language skills, his sales skills and his ability to deal with people.( from VOA Special English )
Leonardo di ser Piero da Vinci (; 15 April 14522 May 1519), more commonly Leonardo da Vinci or simply Leonardo, was an Italian Renaissance polymath whose areas of interest included invention, painting, sculpting, architecture, science, music, mathematics, engineering, literature, anatomy, geology, astronomy, botany, writing, history, and cartography. He has been variously called the father of palaeontology, ichnology, and architecture, and is widely considered one of the greatest painters of all time. Sometimes credited with the inventions of the parachute, helicopter and tank, he epitomised the Renaissance humanist ideal.   Many historians and scholars regard Leonardo as the prime exemplar of the "Universal Genius" or "Renaissance Man", an individual of "unquenchable curiosity" and "feverishly inventive imagination". According to art historian Helen Gardner, the scope and depth of his interests were without precedent in recorded history, and "his mind and personality seem to us superhuman, while the man himself mysterious and remote". Marco Rosci notes that while there is much speculation regarding his life and personality, his view of the world was logical rather than mysterious, and that the empirical methods he employed were unorthodox for his time.   Born out of wedlock to a notary, Piero da Vinci, and a peasant woman, Caterina, in Vinci in the region of Florence, Leonardo was educated in the studio of the renowned Florentine painter Andrea del Verrocchio. Much of his earlier working life was spent in the service of Ludovico il Moro in Milan. He later worked in Rome, Bologna and Venice, and he spent his last years in France at the home awarded to him by Francis I of France.
Can 13-year-olds do something to change the world? Cris Kesz Valdez, 13, from the Philippines believes so. At the age of 7, Valdez set up an organization to give homeless kids things like slippers and toothbrushes. So far he has helped more than 10,000 children improve their lives in his hometown. Valdez won the 2012 International Children's Peace Prize on September 19, 2012. "My motto is 'we can change the world one heart at a time,' " Valdez said at the award ceremony. In fact, Valdez is a homeless kid himself. He looked for food from trash, lived on the streets and slept in a public cemetery for most of his childhood. His parents didn't care about him and often beat him. Valdez said he felt he was living in " _ " at that time. But this "darkness" didn't turn him into a dark person. Valdez got help from community workers. On his first birthday party, at the age of 7, Valdez decided what he wanted most was to help other children who were still living on the streets. "I didn't have a lot of money, but I had a lot of love to give," Valdez explained. That day was the birth of the organization, Championing Community Children. Since then, Valdez and his friends visit homeless children and hand out bags with slippers, toys and even candy. They nurse their wounds, teach them about their rights and offer them hope. "I want children on the streets to get the same chance as I have," he said.
I'm Tony. My best friends are Frank and Cindy. We often do many things together. Frank lives next to my home and we are in the same class. He is thirteen years old and tall and of medium build. He has curly hair and blue eyes. He's good-looking and very clever. He's good at math and often helps me with my homework. He likes wearing black pants and yellow T-shirts. Cindy doesn't go to my school. She's eleven years old. She is thin and of medium height. She has curly blonde hair and her eyes are brown. She is good-looking, too, but a little bit shy. She is good at playing the guitar. Her favorite subject at school is music. She often teaches Frank and me to play the guitar after class. The three of us have great fun together, and we help each other and sometimes play video games at my house.
At first Kate thought the Romanian girl could not speak and understand English. Nadia would not reply to anything Kate said. Kate was in charge of showing Nadia around on her first day at Buck Minister Grade School. Kate could not figure out why the school had put Nadia in a class where she could not understand what people were saying.   "Why did they do this?" Kate wondered aloud. "I mean, you can't learn if you can't understand the teacher."   Nadia's voice was a whisper (speaking in a very low voice). "I understand English. I will learn." Nadia's English was perfect.   Kate was _ . She couldn't understand why Nadia did not like to speak. Then she realized that moving to a new country probably wasn't the easiest thing to do. There were hundreds of unfamiliar and unusual things to learn - all at the same time.   "There're a lot of new things to learn, huh?" said Kate.   Nadia nodded rapidly. In a quiet voice she replied, "Many things people say, I do not understand. I have been speaking English and Romanian all my life, but I do not know what some children are saying. For example, yesterday a boy asked if I could help him find the USB port on a thin black box he was carrying. Isn't a port a place for ships? It made no sense to me."   "Don't worry." said Kate. "You'll figure everything out in time. You see, that thin black box was a computer. A USB port is a place where you can connect other machines to a computer."   Nadia and Kate were quiet after that. They took notes while the teacher gave a maths lesson. To Kate's surprise, Nadia put up her hand and offered to answer the questions at the blackboard.   Nadia handled every question the teacher gave her. Some of the questions were really difficult, and no one understood what was going on except Nadia and the teacher. When the teacher said that Nadia answered everything correctly, the whole class clapped their hands.   Nadia was smiling when she sat back down next to Kate. "Some things," she said in a normal voice, "are the same all over the world."
The Royal Institute of British Architects (RIBA) is a professional body for architects primarily in the United Kingdom, but also internationally, founded for the advancement of architecture under its charter granted in 1837 and Supplemental Charter granted in 1971.   Originally named the Institute of British Architects in London, it was formed in 1834 by several prominent architects, including Philip Hardwick, Thomas Allom, William Donthorne, Thomas Leverton Donaldson, William Adams Nicholson, John Buonarotti Papworth, and Thomas de Grey, 2nd Earl de Grey.   After the grant of the royal charter it had become known as the Royal Institute of British Architects in London, eventually dropping the reference to London in 1892. In 1934, it moved to its current headquarters on Portland Place, with the building being opened by King George V and Queen Mary.   It was granted its Royal Charter in 1837 under King William IV. Supplemental Charters of 1887, 1909 and 1925 were replaced by a single Charter in 1971, and there have been minor amendments since then.
Hampshire (, ; abbreviated Hants) is a county on the southern coast of England in the United Kingdom. The county town of Hampshire is Winchester, the former capital city of England. Hampshire is the most populous ceremonial county in the United Kingdom (excluding the metropolitan counties) with almost half of the county's population living within the South Hampshire conurbation which includes the cities of Southampton and Portsmouth. The larger South Hampshire metropolitan area has a population of 1,547,000. Hampshire is notable for housing the birthplaces of the Royal Navy, British Army, and Royal Air Force. It is bordered by Dorset to the west, Wiltshire to the north-west, Berkshire to the north, Surrey to the north-east, and West Sussex to the east. The southern boundary is the coastline of the English Channel and the Solent, facing the Isle of Wight.   Hampshire is the largest county in South East England and remains the third largest shire county in the United Kingdom despite losing more land than any other English county in all contemporary boundary changes. At its greatest size in 1890, Hampshire was the fifth-largest county in England. It now has an overall area of , and measures about east–west and north–south.   Hampshire's tourist attractions include many seaside resorts and two national parks: the New Forest and the South Downs (together covering some 45% of the county). Hampshire has a long maritime history, and two of Europe's largest ports, Portsmouth and Southampton, lie on its coast. The county is famed as home of writers Jane Austen and Charles Dickens, as well as the birthplace of engineer Isambard Kingdom Brunel.
Two kittens were playing. They had come in from outside. Now they were in the living room in the house. One kitten was named Snowball and one kitten was named Fuzzy. Suddenly, Snowball saw something interesting.   "Look at that!" said Snowball.   "What is it?" asked Fuzzy.   "It's a ball of yarn. On the top shelf!" said Snowball. She had seen the yarn that was kept in a basket up there!   "That looks like it's fun to play with!" said Fuzzy. "But how could we get to it? It's so high up," he wondered.   "I have an idea," said Snowball. "Watch this!" Suddenly, Snowball jumped up on to the couch.   "What are you doing?" asked Fuzzy.   "Just watch!" said Snowball. Snowball then jumped to the table next to the couch. Then, she jumped to the middle shelf.   "That's dangerous!" said Fuzzy. Snowball and Fuzzy were still small kittens. They weren't used to jumping very high yet.   "Don't worry, I'll be careful. I think we're allowed to be up here." said Snowball. Then, she jumped all the way to the top shelf, where the yarn was. "Look out below!" she yelled, and pushed the ball of yarn off the shelf and on to the floor.   "Whoa!" said Fuzzy. "Thanks!" Snowball then jumped down to the middle shelf, and down to the table, and down to the couch, and back to the floor. There, she and her brother played with the ball of yarn until they got tired and took a nap.
Liechtenstein, officially the Principality of Liechtenstein (), is a doubly landlocked German-speaking microstate in Central Europe. The principality is a constitutional monarchy headed by the Prince of Liechtenstein.   Liechtenstein is bordered by Switzerland to the west and south and Austria to the east and north. It has an area of just over , the fourth-smallest in Europe, and an estimated population of 37,000. Divided into 11 municipalities, its capital is Vaduz and its largest municipality is Schaan.   Economically, Liechtenstein has one of the highest gross domestic products per person in the world when adjusted for purchasing power parity, and the highest when not adjusted by purchasing power parity. The unemployment rate is one of the lowest in the world at 1.5%. Liechtenstein has been known in the past as a billionaire tax haven; however, it is no longer on any blacklists of uncooperative tax haven countries (see taxation section).   An alpine country, Liechtenstein is mainly mountainous, making it a winter sport destination. Many cultivated fields and small farms are found both in the south (Oberland, "upper land") and north (Unterland, "lower land"). The country has a strong financial sector centered in Vaduz. Liechtenstein is a member of the United Nations, European Free Trade Association, and the Council of Europe, and while not being a member of the European Union, the country participates in both the Schengen Area and European Economic Area. It also has a customs union and a monetary union with Switzerland.
Once upon a time there was a princess who lived in a high tower and she was not allowed to leave because of her mean mother. One day she chose to leave but her mother would not let her. The princess climbed out the window of the high tower and climbed down the south wall when her mother was sleeping. She wandered out a good ways. Finally she went into the forest where there are no electric poles but where there are some caves. There she met a young man who was running. His name was John. John asked the princess why such a beautiful woman like her was out in the middle of a forest. She said that she had been trapped for her whole life by an evil woman who said she was her mother. The man said that he would take the princess to a castle that was near. He also said that he thought that she may be the missing princess. As they go through the forest they run into many problems. They see that they are lost and have no way of finding where to go. After several days pass, the princess climbs up to the top of a tree in order to find out where they are. She sees that the castle where they want to go is not that far away and near a mountain. After thinking of the best way to get there, John and the princess go to the castle where they live for the rest of their lives.
One day, the mouse, Rudd, got a splinter in his paw when he was putting a new fence around his house. His turtle friend with a weird name, Dig, came up to Rudd after he heard him yelling, "Ouch, I've got a splinter in my paw! Can someone help?" Dig, being the ever helpful turtle, took the splinter in his mouth and tugged it. The splinter popped right out of Rudd's paw and flew right into the air and then landed in the middle of the river.   Rudd looked happy and gave Dig a hug. "Thank you so much, Dig! And for helping me, I'll give you the choice of one of these three desserts I found. What would you like to have? A cake? A cookie? Or maybe this brownie?"   "Oh, Rudd, you are so silly and know you don't even have to ask me which one I'd take. You know I love brownies!" Dig smiled happily as Rudd gave him his treat and another hug for helping with the splinter.   After the two friends finish their dessert, Dig helped Rudd put up the rest of his fence until the sun went down that day. It was a good day for both friends.
The 1936 Summer Olympics (German: "Olympische Sommerspiele 1936"), officially known as the Games of the XI Olympiad, was an international multi-sport event that was held in 1936 in Berlin, Germany. Berlin won the bid to host the Games over Barcelona, Spain, on 26 April 1931, at the 29th IOC Session in Barcelona (two years before the Nazis came to power). It marked the second and final time the International Olympic Committee gathered to vote in a city that was bidding to host those Games.   To outdo the Los Angeles games of 1932, Adolf Hitler had built a new 100,000-seat track and field stadium, six gymnasiums, and many other smaller arenas. The games were the first to be televised, and radio broadcasts reached 41 countries. Filmmaker Leni Riefenstahl was commissioned by the German Olympic Committee to film the Games for $7 million. Her film, titled "Olympia", pioneered many of the techniques now common in the filming of sports.   Reich Chancellor Adolf Hitler saw the Games as an opportunity to promote his government and ideals of racial supremacy and antisemitism, and the official Nazi party paper, the "Völkischer Beobachter", wrote in the strongest terms that Jews should not be allowed to participate in the Games. When threatened with a boycott of the Games by other nations, Hitler appeared to allow athletes of other ethnicities from other countries to participate. However German Jewish athletes were barred or prevented from taking part by a variety of methods and Jewish athletes from other countries (notably the US) seem to have been side-lined in order not to offend the Nazi government.
As his case meanders through the Bolivian justice system, an American businessman imprisoned there for a year without formal charges is finding support from a leading human rights advocate in the U.S. Congress.   Jacob Ostreicher, a 53-year-old flooring contractor from Brooklyn, New York, has been held at the notorious Palmasola prison in Santa Cruz, Bolivia, since June 2011 on suspicions of money laundering.   Ostreicher and his family have claimed from the beginning that he is innocent, and presented a judge what they say is evidence that all of the money invested in a rice growing operation came from legal sources. But repeated delays have kept him imprisoned.   The case is now getting more attention in Washington, as U.S. Rep. Chris Smith, a New Jersey Republican, has become a vocal advocate for him.   Smith traveled to Bolivia this week to meet with Ostreicher in prison and to accompany him to a hearing Monday.   At that hearing, the judge transferred the case to a higher court, a move likely to create further delays.   "Justice delayed is justice denied," Smith said in a statement. "Jacob has been cooperative, patient to the extreme. There is no evidence offered against him. The rule of law must prevail in Bolivia. Innocent people must have a path to justice. He must be released."   Ostreicher is nearly two months into a hunger strike to protest his imprisonment.   Smith reported that Ostreicher appeared "frail and anguished."   The lawmaker's trip follows a hearing last week before the Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health and Human Rights, which Smith chairs. 
The mother of a 25-year-old woman killed in a Boston hotel more than a week ago said Friday that she will remain haunted by her daughter's death for the rest of her life.   The mother of Julissa Brisman says she remains haunted by her daughter's death.   "Our family has been devastated by the loss of our beautiful daughter, Julissa," Carmen Guzman said in a statement released Friday, which would have been Julissa Brisman's 26th birthday.   "The feeling of losing my daughter in this way and the pain she must have felt will haunt me for the rest of my life," Guzman said. "She won't live to see her dreams. We will hold Julissa in our hearts every day."   Philip Markoff, 23, a second-year student at Boston University's School of Medicine, is charged with killing Brisman on April 14 at Boston's Copley Marriott Hotel.   Police have said that Brisman, a model from New York, advertised as a masseuse on the online classifieds Web site Craigslist. They say Markoff may have met her through the online site.   Prosecutors say Brisman sustained blunt head trauma, and said she was shot three times at close range. One of the bullets passed through her heart, killing her, prosecutors said.   Markoff, who was arraigned Tuesday, is being held without bail. His attorney, John Salsberg, told reporters after the hearing that Markoff is "not guilty of the charges. He has his family's support. I have not received any document or report or piece of evidence other than what I heard in the courtroom. All I have at the moment are words -- no proof of anything." 
When Barack Obama was elected U.S. president he probably did not realize it would give him a chance to pick up tips on his backswing from the world's elite golfers.   U.S. President Barack Obama and Vice President Joe Biden make use of the White House putting green.   Obama is the honorary chairman for the 2009 Presidents Cup which will be contested at Harding Park Golf Course in San Francisco this week where the top U.S. golfers take on the best players from around the world outside of Europe.   As a golf enthusiast, and keen amateur player, the president will get the chance to pick the brains of Tiger Woods, Phil Mickelson, Ernie Els and Vijay Singh on how to improve his game.   But he is not the first to take to the greens while occupying the Oval Office with 15 of the last 18 U.S. presidents said to have played the sport while in power. Living Golf's gallery of presidential putters. »   Dwight Eisenhower is recognized as probably the most dedicated to the sport, and was often criticized by Democrats for spending too much time on the golf course.   Eisenhower's solution? In 1954 he had a putting green installed at the White House a short stroll from the Oval Office to enable him to practice while at work which was regularly used by subsequent presidents and still exists to this day.   The former five-star general was also a member at the Augusta National Golf Club where a overhanging tree on the 17th hole proved such an obstacle to the leader that it was dubbed the "Eisenhower Tree." 
Mei Qiyue, 13, of Chongqing, leaves her dorm early every morning and doesn't return until late at night. She feels stressed in the dorm. "My roommates look down on me. When I say something, they never agree with me. Sometimes, they even laugh at me together," said Mei. "The dorm is like hell. I want to leave the moment I walk in." Mei is not alone. Many middle school students lave such problems. Plans, opinions and other small differences can create conflict . "Most teenagers are the only child in the family where they are the 'King' or 'Queen'. They can't stand other kids' different ideas, so conflicts between them come out in the dorm," said Sun Yunxiao, a professor in Beijing. According to Sun, roommate relations are important in schools, and students should be serious about them. He suggests that students should be patient, sincere and cooperative in dealing with their roommates. Zou Ming, 14, of Shanxi, and his roommates didn't clean their dorm for a long time during their first semester. "Later, we began to hate each other because nobody would clean," said Zou. "One day, we had a dorm meeting. At the meeting we discussed the problem seriously and decided each other of us would clean for a week." After the meeting, they cleaned the dorm for the first time together, and the boys have become good friends. "I think we should take care of the dorm like our family and our roommates like our brothers," said Zou. "Only in this way can we have a happy dorm like and make lifelong friends."
Dharun Ravi, the former Rutgers University student who was found guilty of using a webcam to spy on and intimidate his gay roommate, has reported to a New Jersey jail Thursday where he will serve a 30-day sentence, according to Middlesex County Sheriff Mildred Scott.   Ravi turned himself in to authorities, who then transported him to jail Thursday afternoon, Scott said.   Is 30-day sentence fair?   A day earlier, Ravi apologized for spying on his roommate, Tyler Clementi, with a webcam.   "I accept responsibility for and regret my thoughtless, insensitive, immature, stupid and childish choices that I made on September 19, 2010, and September 21, 2010," Ravi said in a statement Wednesday.   Clementi, 18, killed himself by jumping off New York's George Washington Bridge into the Hudson River after learning Ravi had secretly recorded his intimate encounter with another man.   Ravi's court appearance Wednesday formalized his decision to head to jail, waiving his right not to serve jail time twice for the same crime, as prosecutors appeal his sentence.   New Jersey prosecutors argue that Ravi's crimes warranted more than a 30-day jail term and called Superior Judge Glenn Berman's sentence "insufficient under the sentencing laws of this state."   Berman defended the jail sentence Wednesday, CNN affiliate WABC reported.   "I can't find it in me to remand him to state prison that house people convicted of offenses such as murder, armed robbery and rape," Berman said. "I don't believe that fits this case. I believe that he has to be punished and he will be." 
The PGA Tour has been littered with surprise winners in 2014. Last week Matt Every became the latest unexpected champion, claiming his first title at the Arnold Palmer Invitational.   Could Australia's Steven Bowditch be added to the list?   Bowditch, the 339th-ranked golfer in the world, held the clubhouse lead deep into the second round of the Valero Texas Open.   The Australian has only finished in the top three once at a PGA Tour event -- he tied for second last year at the Greenbrier Classic -- and missed the cut at half of his PGA tournaments in the 2013 season.   But the story isn't as simple as that: Bowditch has spoken publicly about his battle with depression and once tried to commit suicide.   After finishing his first round earlier Friday -- fog had delayed play Thursday -- Bowditch strung together a 5-under-par 67 in San Antonio to sit atop the leaderboard thanks to a two-round total of 8-under-par 136.   That despite a double bogey on his final hole.   "It was a frustrating way to finish," Bowditch, who struck an eagle 2 at the 12th, told the PGA Tour's website. "I hit a couple of bad shots. It is what it is.   "I got off to a good start this morning, finishing off my first round, and then sort of kept it rolling there for a little bit. It was good. I'm happy with it."   The 30-year-old led Chad Collins -- ranked outside the top 300 -- and 505th-ranked PGA Tour rookie Andrew Loupe by a shot. 
There once was a beautiful, brown puppy who loved her life. Her name was Tori. Every morning, Patty brushed out her fur and feeds Tori her favorite breakfast. One Tuesday morning, Patty had an early errand and forgot all about Tori. Tori was sad, but chose to make the best of it, and leaped out of her doggy door to play in her backyard outside. As she was playing with her favorite ball, Tori saw an opening in the fence. Excited, she ran over to the fence and squeezed out. She had never been on the street by herself before. Tori ran down the sidewalk, and happily barked at all the other dogs she passed. She loved to wag her tail in the summer breeze and was having a great time.   All of a sudden, Tori was picked up by Ben and Mike, and thrown into a truck. She was lost and confused. Poor Tori didn't know what to do! The truck pulled up to a building with a big sign that said "Animal Control". Tori knew this was the place that people keep animals who are lost on the street. Once the workers took her inside, they put her into a cage. She was scared that Patty wouldn't know where to find her, but she knew Patty's phone number was on her collar. She barked and barked to get the worker's attention, but no one seemed to pay her any attention.   After two long hours, a tall man, named Joe, opened up her cage and looked at the charm on her collar. He smiled at Tori and gave her a pat on the head. Patty was there quickly, and gave Tori a big hug. She was so happy to see her puppy again.   Tori learned to never escape the backyard again and lived happily ever after with Patty.
Dear Karen, As you probably know, it's my sister Suzie's 16th birthday in a week. We're planning a surprise party for her. Julie's going to pick her up from school as usual on Friday but she's not taking her home. She's bringing her to the Palace Hotel, the big modern one near the station. We're having a meal there and we've also hired the ballroom for a party in the evening. I hope you can come! All her friends from school are coming and quite a few of the people from our village, too. Of course, Mum and Dad are coming up from England and I've managed to persuade our other sister, Marie, to come over from Australia. She's bringing her kids with her, too. After the party we're going to have another one on Saturday! Well, not really a party. We're inviting the family and close friends (that includes you) for a meal at the house. If the weather is nice, we'd like to have a barbecue in the garden. Julie's going to make a special cake for Suzie. Anyway, we hope to make it a really special weekend for Suzie. On Sunday we're all going for a walk in the country. You know how she loves walking and we're all going to need a bit of exercise after all that lovely food. We're hoping to go up to the lake. Marie said she wanted her kids to feed the ducks just like Suzie and she did when they were very young. I'm sure Suzie will love that too. It would be great if you could come over for the weekend. We would all love to see you. Let me know as soon as you can. Best, David
The National Broadcasting Company (NBC) is an American English language commercial broadcast television network that is a flagship property of NBCUniversal, a subsidiary of Comcast. The network is headquartered at 30 Rockefeller Plaza in New York City, with additional major offices near Los Angeles (at 10 Universal City Plaza), and Chicago (at the NBC Tower). The network is part of the Big Three television networks. NBC is sometimes referred to as the "Peacock Network", in reference to its stylized peacock logo, introduced in 1956 to promote the company's innovations in early color broadcasting. It became the network's official emblem in 1979.   Founded in 1926 by the Radio Corporation of America (RCA), NBC is the oldest major broadcast network in the United States. In 1986, control of NBC passed to General Electric (GE) – which previously owned RCA and NBC until 1930, when it was forced to sell the companies as a result of antitrust charges – through its $6.4 billion purchase of RCA. Following the acquisition by GE (which later liquidated RCA), Bob Wright served as chief executive officer of NBC, remaining in that position until his retirement in 2007, when he was succeeded by Jeff Zucker. In 2003, French media company Vivendi merged its entertainment assets with GE, forming NBC Universal. Comcast purchased a controlling interest in the company in 2011, and acquired General Electric's remaining stake in 2013. Following the Comcast merger, Zucker left NBC Universal and was replaced as CEO by Comcast executive Steve Burke.
The Indian National Congress () (INC, often called Congress) is a broad-based political party in India. Founded in 1885, it was the first modern nationalist movement to emerge in the British Empire in Asia and Africa. From the late 19th-century, and especially after 1920, under the leadership of Mahatma Gandhi, Congress became the principal leader of the Indian independence movement, with over 15 million members and over 70 million participants. The Congress led India to independence from Great Britain, and powerfully influenced other anti-colonial nationalist movements in the British Empire.   The Congress is a secular party whose social liberal platform is generally considered on the centre-left of Indian politics. The Congress' social policy is based upon the Gandhian principle of Sarvodaya—the lifting up of all sections of society—which involves the improvement of the lives of economically underprivileged and socially marginalised people. The party primarily endorses social liberalism — seeking to balance individual liberty and social justice, and secularism — asserting the right to be free from religious rule and teachings.   After India's independence in 1947, the Congress formed the government at center in most instances, and many regional state governments. Congress became India's dominant political party; , in the 15 general elections since independence, it has won an outright majority on six occasions and has led the ruling coalition a further four times, heading the central government for 49 years. There have been seven Congress Prime Ministers, the first being Jawaharlal Nehru (1947–64), and the most recent Manmohan Singh (2004–14). Although it did not fare well in the last general elections in India in 2014, it remains one of two major, nationwide, political parties in India, along with the right-wing, Hindu nationalist, Bhartiya Janata Party (BJP). In the 2014 general election, the Congress had its poorest post-independence general election performance, winning only 44 seats of the 543-member Lok Sabha.
The Rhine (Romansh: Rein, German: Rhein, French: le Rhin, Dutch: Rijn) is a European river that begins in the Swiss canton of Graubünden in the southeastern Swiss Alps, forms part of the Swiss-Austrian, Swiss-Liechtenstein border, Swiss-German and then the Franco-German border, then flows through the Rhineland and eventually empties into the North Sea in the Netherlands. The biggest city on the river Rhine is Cologne, Germany with a population of more than 1,050,000 people. It is the second-longest river in Central and Western Europe (after the Danube), at about 1,230 km (760 mi),[note 2][note 1] with an average discharge of about 2,900 m3/s (100,000 cu ft/s).   The variant forms of the name of the Rhine in modern languages are all derived from the Gaulish name Rēnos, which was adapted in Roman-era geography (1st century BC) as Greek Ῥῆνος (Rhēnos), Latin Rhenus.[note 3] The spelling with Rh- in English Rhine as well as in German Rhein and French Rhin is due to the influence of Greek orthography, while the vocalisation -i- is due to the Proto-Germanic adoption of the Gaulish name as *Rīnaz, via Old Frankish giving Old English Rín, Old High German Rīn, Dutch Rijn (formerly also spelled Rhijn)). The diphthong in modern German Rhein (also adopted in Romansh Rein, Rain) is a Central German development of the early modern period, the Alemannic name Rī(n) retaining the older vocalism,[note 4] as does Ripuarian Rhing, while Palatine has diphthongized Rhei, Rhoi. Spanish is with French in adopting the Germanic vocalism Rin-, while Italian, Occitan and Portuguese retain the Latin Ren-.
Once there was a boy named Fritz who loved to draw. He drew everything. In the morning, he drew a picture of his cereal with milk. His papa said, "Don't draw your cereal. Eat it!" After school, Fritz drew a picture of his bicycle. His uncle said, "Don't draw your bicycle. Ride it!" At nighttime, after he finished washing his face, he drew a picture of the toothpaste on the sink. His mama said, "Don't draw the toothpaste. Brush your teeth!"   One day Fritz got a splinter in his foot. It hurt. He wanted to take the splinter out. But first, he drew a picture of his foot with the splinter in it. He said, "Now I can remember what my foot looks like with a splinter in it." Then he took the splinter out all by himself. He told his friend Stephen that he took the splinter out all by himself. Stephen did not believe him. Fritz showed him the picture. Then Stephen believed him.
I got chills -- not once but several times -- during Tuesday's Google Hangout with five women named to The CNN 10: Visionary Women list.   The panel of women from truly diverse backgrounds provided fertile ground for discussion around the theme: What's the future of women at work?   Veronika Scott, who has devoted her life to helping the homeless reenter the work world, got personal about growing up in a family "constantly struggling in poverty" and watching what it does to parents "when they're constantly afraid."   "There's anger. They don't know when they're going to feed their kids next. They don't know if they can afford rent," she said.   Equally powerful was Molly Cantrell-Kraig, a one-time single mom on welfare now committed to helping struggling women get access to cars so they can work. "I know what it's like to be there and paying for Christmas presents with food stamps."   And, Victoria Budson, on a lifelong mission to eliminate the pay gap between men and women, spoke movingly about a press conference she attended early in her career about gender bias in the courts. "I thought, if we can't get justice through the place you're supposed to go to get justice, there isn't justice for women consistently in a meaningful way."   Yep, pinch me now, because when you bring five passionate and community-minded women together who are focused on lifting up the lives of other women, you cannot help but be inspired about the future for our young girls. Here are five takeaways from the chat. 
The nickelodeon was the first type of indoor exhibition space dedicated to showing projected motion pictures. Usually set up in converted storefronts, these small, simple theaters charged five cents for admission and flourished from about 1905 to 1915.   "Nickelodeon" was concocted from "nickel", the name of the U.S. five-cent coin, and the ancient Greek word "odeion", a roofed-over theater, the latter indirectly by way of the "Odéon" in Paris, emblematic of a very large and luxurious theater much as "Ritz" was of a grand hotel. For unknown reasons, in 1949 the lyricist of a popular song, "Music! Music! Music!", incorporated the refrain "Put another nickel in, in the nickelodeon…", evidently referring to either a jukebox or a mechanical musical instrument such as a coin-operated player piano or orchestrion. The meaning of the word has been muddied ever since. In fact, when it was current in the early 20th century, it was used only to refer to a small five-cent theater and not to any coin-in-the-slot machine, including amusement arcade motion picture viewers such as the Kinetoscope and Mutoscope.   The earliest films had been shown in "peep show" machines or projected in vaudeville theaters as one of the otherwise live acts. Nickelodeons drastically altered film exhibition practices and the leisure-time habits of a large segment of the American public. Although they were characterized by continuous performances of a selection of short films, added attractions such as illustrated songs were sometimes an important feature. Regarded as disreputable and dangerous by some civic groups and municipal agencies, crude, ill-ventilated nickelodeons with hard wooden seats were outmoded as longer films became common and larger, more comfortably furnished motion picture theaters were built, a trend that culminated in the lavish "movie palaces" of the 1920s.
The console was first officially announced at E3 2005, and was released at the end of 2006. It was the first console to use Blu-ray Disc as its primary storage medium. The console was the first PlayStation to integrate social gaming services, included it being the first to introduce Sony's social gaming service, PlayStation Network, and its remote connectivity with PlayStation Portable and PlayStation Vita, being able to remote control the console from the devices. In September 2009, the Slim model of the PlayStation 3 was released, being lighter and thinner than the original version, which notably featured a redesigned logo and marketing design, as well as a minor start-up change in software. A Super Slim variation was then released in late 2012, further refining and redesigning the console. As of March 2016, PlayStation 3 has sold 85 million units worldwide. Its successor, the PlayStation 4, was released later in November 2013.
Islamism, also known as Political Islam (Arabic: إسلام سياسي‎ islām siyāsī), is an Islamic revival movement often characterized by moral conservatism, literalism, and the attempt "to implement Islamic values in all spheres of life." Islamism favors the reordering of government and society in accordance with the Shari'a. The different Islamist movements have been described as "oscillating between two poles": at one end is a strategy of Islamization of society through state power seized by revolution or invasion; at the other "reformist" pole Islamists work to Islamize society gradually "from the bottom up". The movements have "arguably altered the Middle East more than any trend since the modern states gained independence", redefining "politics and even borders" according to one journalist (Robin Wright).   Moderate and reformist Islamists who accept and work within the democratic process include parties like the Tunisian Ennahda Movement. Jamaat-e-Islami of Pakistan is basically a socio-political and democratic Vanguard party but has also gained political influence through military coup d'état in past. The Islamist groups like Hezbollah in Lebanon and Hamas in Palestine participate in democratic and political process as well as armed attacks, seeking to abolish the state of Israel. Radical Islamist organizations like al-Qaeda and the Egyptian Islamic Jihad, and groups such as the Taliban, entirely reject democracy, often declaring as kuffar those Muslims who support it (see takfirism), as well as calling for violent/offensive jihad or urging and conducting attacks on a religious basis.
James the Turtle was always getting in trouble. Sometimes he'd reach into the freezer and empty out all the food. Other times he'd sled on the deck and get a splinter. His aunt Jane tried as hard as she could to keep him out of trouble, but he was sneaky and got into lots of trouble behind her back.   One day, James thought he would go into town and see what kind of trouble he could get into. He went to the grocery store and pulled all the pudding off the shelves and ate two jars. Then he walked to the fast food restaurant and ordered 15 bags of fries. He didn't pay, and instead headed home.   His aunt was waiting for him in his room. She told James that she loved him, but he would have to start acting like a well-behaved turtle.   After about a month, and after getting into lots of trouble, James finally made up his mind to be a better turtle.
AC Milan withstood a brave comeback from Arsenal to advance to the quarterfinals of the Champions League Tuesday despite a 3-0 defeat in the second leg at the Emirates.   The Italian champions had led 4-0 from the first leg last month and few bar the most optimistic of Arsenal fans gave Arsene Wenger's men any hope of retrieving the deficit.   But first-half goals from Laurent Koscielny, Tomas Rosicky and captain Robin van Persie gave the English Premier League side the perfect platform to complete a remarkable recovery.   Koscielny headed home from a corner, Rosicky took advantage of a defensive mistake after a Theo Walcott run and van Persie slotted home a penalty after the excellent Alex-Oxlade Chamberlain was fouled.   Milan were all at sea, but regrouped strongly after the break and blunted the Arsenal onslaught.   Van Persie uncharacteristically fluffed the best chance for the home side to make it 4-4 on aggregate, but after fine work by Gervinho his effort was saved by Christian Abbiati.   "I felt he wanted to chip the keeper because he was down but Abbiati got up very quickly but he reacted well and unfortunately we couldn't score, Wenger told Sky Sports.   "I hoped in the final 10 or 15 minutes to create some more goal chances, but it didn't happen."   At the other end, Zlatan Ibrahimovic came to life and twice came close to scoring the Milan goal which would have completely killed off the tie.   But at the finish it was the Milan players who were celebrating, while Arsenal will be boosted in their challenge for a Champions League spot in the EPL and remain in the FA Cup. 
Walter owns three Italian restaurants which are running very well in Rhode Island in America. Every day his restaurants welcome crowds of customers all over the world. He studied to be a cook, but he sees now that his success is the result of a lifetime education. When he opened his first restaurant, all of a sudden his schooling knowledge , the history of his family and his ethics of his father _ . It made him a person who studied and explored the secrets in the food business. Walter's learning never stops. He says " The food business is one where you need to stay on top. Cooks should be trained. You have to keep on studying or you will be left behind." So he spent more time in reading. Every time he gets new ideas from the book, he brings them into his work. Walter also has a clear understanding about success. That is he would like to be remembered as a person who is creative, who believes in the Italian cooking culture in America. Food is like a bridge connecting to the past, to the family and to the country. He says "Success to me is not how much money I make, but if at the end of the day I am able to make fifteen or twenty customers happy, I'm a happy man."
Michelle Obama made a daring decision to return to the same designer who created her Inaugural Ball dress four years ago --- and the risk paid off.   The First Lady looked extremely attractive in a thin, sweeping, and ruby-colored dress by designer Jason Wu. She teamed the dramatic dress with heels by Jimmy Choo and a diamond ring by Kimberly McDonald.   She surprised the fashion establishment by returning to a Wu design which had been the custom made for her.   Four years ago at her first Inauguration Ball, Michelle shimmered in an off-white, one-shouldered floor-length dress by the designer.   Wu, who was 26 at the time and had only been working in fashion for three years, saw his career take off after the First Lady's surprise decision to wear one of his dresses.   He said at the time that he was unaware she had chosen the dress and had been watching at home on his couch and eating pizza when she appeared.   After her 2013 decision, Wu told Women's Wear Daily: "Mrs Obama likes to keep her secrets. She fooled me again."   Wu released a women's clothing and accessories collection at Target last year and continues to be popular with the First Lady for official engagements.   The sleeveless, cross-halter neck dress with low-cut back flattered 49-year-old Michelle's arms and neat waist.   It had been created especially for her by Wu and was a departure from the dark and plain colour tone she stuck to at earlier inauguration events.   Mrs Obama's new hairstyle -- she had bangs cut on her birthday last week had been loosely tousled for the special night.   Vice-President Joe Biden's wife Jill also looked attractive in a blue silk dress by Vera Wang at the Inauguration Ball.
The editor in chief of a newspaper in Benghazi, Libya, was shot and killed Monday morning, the latest in a recent campaign of killings across the city.   Muftah Buzeid was also a prominent analyst who frequently appeared on TV talk shows speaking out against Islamist extremism. His last such appearance was Sunday night.   Many Libyans are outraged over the killing, which is likely to add to the support for renegade Gen. Khalifa Haftar and his campaign against terrorism.   The deaths have mainly targeted security forces but also activists, journalists and judges.   The city has been almost emptied of Westerners as diplomatic missions shut after the 2012 attack on the U.S. Consulate that killed American Ambassador Christopher Stevens and three other Americans.   Officials and many residents blame the violence on Islamist extremist groups that have grown in size and influence since the 2011 revolution that overthrew longtime dictator Moammar Gadhafi.   A weak central government has not been able to secure Benghazi or bring the perpetrators of the near-daily attacks to justice.   Ten days ago, Haftar launched a surprise ground and air assault on Islamist militia positions and bases in Benghazi, including attacks on Ansar al-Sharia, the group blamed in the U.S. Consulate attack.   
Warner Music Group (abbreviated as WMG, commonly referred to as Warner Music or WEA International) is an American multinational entertainment and record label conglomerate headquartered in New York City. It is one of the "big three" recording companies and the third largest in the global music industry, next to Universal Music Group (UMG) and Sony Music Entertainment (SME), being the only American music conglomerate worldwide. Formerly owned by Time Warner, the company was publicly traded on the New York Stock Exchange until May 2011, when it announced its privatization and sale to Access Industries, which was completed in July 2011. With a multibillion-dollar annual turnover, WMG employs in excess of 3,500 people and has operations in more than 50 countries throughout the world.   The company owns and operates some of the largest and most successful record labels in the world, including its flagship labels Warner Bros. Records, Parlophone and Atlantic Records. WMG also owns Warner/Chappell Music, one of the world's largest music publishers.   The film company had no record label division at the time and one of its contracted actors, Tab Hunter, scored a hit song for Dot Records, which was a division of rival Paramount Pictures. In order to prevent any repetition of its actors recording for rival companies, and to also capitalize on the music business, Warner Bros. Records was created in 1958. In 1963, Warner purchased Reprise Records, which had been founded by Frank Sinatra three years earlier so that he could have more creative control over his recordings. With the Reprise acquisition, Warner gained the services of Mo Ostin, who would be mainly responsible for the success of Warner/Reprise.
Tony Hawken, 57, is divorcing his wife Xiu Li, 51, Britain's wealthiest woman entrepreneur , because he says he doesn't like being rich and is 'not in the habit' of spending lots of money.   The pair traded up their semi-detached home in South Norwood, London, and bought a PS1.5million house in Surrey.   Li, who is now worth $1.2billion (PS700million) according to Forbes, quickly settled into a life which included sipping a PS900 bottle of wine on a luxurious yacht.   However, Mr Hawken says he felt more comfortable getting lunch in his local Wetherspoon's.   Despite his sudden wealth he continued to buy books from charity shops, and _ dear clothes.   In an interview with The Times, he said: 'I think it made me uncomfortable because I'm not in the habit, I don't like spending lots of money -- I've been brought up that way.   'Until recently I was never a wealthy person. I've been moderately comfortable because I have been careful with my money.'   Now the couple have decided to part, Mr Hawken will walk away with just PS1million, but says it will be enough for him.   He added: 'I have got a settlement which is not great, but it's enough for me because I don't have an extravagant lifestyle. I won't have to work if I'm careful.'   On a recent trip to China, Mr Hawken said his wife took him on a yacht and treated him to a PS900 bottle of wine, but he prefers his local Wetherspoon pub.   'I'm getting a little pay when you consider her potential wealth, but I don't really want to fight it.'   Mr Hawken met Li on a blind date while he was still a teacher and she was studying English.   The couple married, but as Li's business took off the couple spent more and more time apart. Mr Hawken says the couple have spent most of the relationship apart.   Far from driving them apart, Mr Hawken believes the distance kept them together, and says they would have divorced a long time ago if they were under the same roof.   Mr Hawken says his only regret is not getting a divorce sooner, but he didn't push for it over fears it would affect the couple's teenage son William, now 17.   Mr Hawken no longer teaches full-time, but instead gives free tuition to under-privileged children.
Old Behrman was a painter who lived on the ground floor of the apartment building. For years, he had always been planning to paint a work of art, but had never yet begun it. He earned a little money by serving as a model to artists who could not pay for a professional model. He was a fierce, little, old man who protected the two young women in the studio apartment above him.   Sue found Behrman in his room. In one area was a blank canvas that had been waiting twenty-five years for the first line of paint. Sue told him about Johnsy and how she feared that her friend would float away like a leaf on the old ivy vine climbing hopelessly up the outside block wall.   Old Behrman was angered at such an idea. "Are there people in the world with the foolishness to die because leaves drop off a vine? Why do you let that silly business come in her brain?"   "She is very sick and weak," said Sue, "and the disease has left her mind full of strange ideas."   "This is not any place in which one so good as Miss Johnsy shall lie sick," yelled Behrman. "Some day I will paint a masterpiece, and we shall all go away."   Johnsy was sleeping when they went upstairs. Sue pulled the shade down to cover the window. She and Behrman went into the other room. They looked out a window fearfully at the ivy vine. Then they looked at each other without speaking. A cold rain was falling, mixed with snow.   The next morning, Sue awoke after an hour's sleep. She found Johnsy with wide-open eyes staring at the covered window. "Pull up the shade; I want to see," she ordered, quietly. Sue obeyed.   After the beating rain and fierce wind that blew through the night, there yet stood against the wall one ivy leaf. It was the last one on the vine. It was still dark green at the center. But its edges were color1ed with the yellow. It hung bravely from the branch about seven meters above the ground.   "It is the last one," said Johnsy. "I thought it would surely fail during the night. I heard the wind. It will fall today and I shall die at the same time."   "Dear, dear!" said Sue, leaning her worn face down toward the bed. "Think of me, if you won't think of yourself. What would I do?" But Johnsy did not answer.   The next morning, when it was light, Johnsy demanded that the window shade be raised. The ivy leaf was still there. Johnsy lay for a long time, looking at it. And then she called to Sue, who was preparing chicken soup.   "I've been a bad girl," said Johnsy. "Something has made that last leaf stay there to show me how bad I was. It is wrong to want to die. You may bring me a little soup now."   An hour later she said: "someday I hope to paint the Bay of Naples."   Later in the day, the doctor came, and Sue talked to him in the hallway. "Even chances. With good care, you'll win," said the doctor. "And now I must see another case I have in your building. Behrman, whose name is some kind of an artist, I believe, has Pneumonia , too. He is an old, weak man and his case is severe. There is no hope for him, but he goes to the hospital today to ease his pain."   The next day, the doctor said to Sue:" She's out of danger. You won. Nutrition and care now - that's all."   Later that day, Sue came to the bed where Johnsy lay, and put one arm around her. "I have something to tell you, white mouse," she said, "Mister Behrman died of pneumonia today in the hospital. He was sick only two days. They found him the morning of the first day in his room downstairs helpless with pain. His shoes and clothing were completely wet and icy cold. They could not imagine where he had been on such a terrible night.   "And then they found a lantern, still lighted, and a ladder that had been moved from its place. And art supplies and a painting board with green and yellow color1s mixed on it.   "Look out the window, dear, at the last ivy leaf on the wall. Didn't you wonder why it never moved when the wind blew? Ah, darling, it is Behrman's masterpiece - he painted it there the night that the last leaf fell."
A mosque (; from ) is a place of worship for followers of Islam.   There are strict and detailed requirements in Sunni jurisprudence ("fiqh") for a place of worship to be considered a mosque, with places that do not meet these requirements regarded as "musalla"s. There are stringent restrictions on the uses of the area formally demarcated as the mosque (which is often a small portion of the larger complex), and, in the Islamic "Sharia" law, after an area is formally designated as a mosque, it remains so until the Last Day.   Many mosques have elaborate domes, minarets, and prayer halls, in varying styles of architecture. Mosques originated on the Arabian Peninsula, but are now found in all inhabited continents. The mosque serves as a place where Muslims can come together for "salat" ( "ṣalāt", meaning "prayer") as well as a center for information, education, social welfare, and dispute settlement. The imam leads the congregation in prayer.   The word entered English from a French word that probably derived from Italian "moschea", a variant of Italian "moscheta", from either Middle Armenian ("mzkit‘") or Medieval Greek μασγίδιον ("masgídion") or Spanish "mezquita", from the Arabic "masjad" meaning "place of worship" or "prostration in prayer", either from Nabataean "masgdhā́" or from Arabic "sajada" meaning "to bow down in prayer", probably ultimately from Aramaic "sghēdh".
Tom had a pet. Tom loved his pet and would always laugh at the funny thing he did when facing his chin. The pet was a dog. Tom would blow in the dog's ear in order to make him mad. One day Tom wanted to give the dog a treat but he wouldn't eat it. Tom got very upset and confused and said, "I think my dog is going to die." So Tom threw his dog a party in the sand to make his dog happy and have a great life. At the party they only listened to hit songs. Tom let his dog eat anything he wanted, even a dingdong. Tom invited the dog's favorite friend, his nana. He took his dog and the dog's nana and went for a drive on the road. At the end of the party Tom let his dog chew his favorite pencil. The dog was not dying, but he was happy he got to have the best party ever.
Katy Perry is officially the queen of Twitter.   The singer has reached more than 50 million followers on the social media site, making her the most followed person in the universe.   Perry took the milestone in stride. "Oh yeah AND we grew to 50 million Katycats! Eh, regular day at the office," she tweeted (of course).   Not that Perry doesn't have competition hot on her heels.   Justin Bieber has about 49.4 million "beliebers" hanging on his every 140-character submission, while President Barack Obama has around 41.2 million followers. Lady Gaga has just over 41 million "little monsters."   The video site YouTube, Taylor Swift, Britney Spears, Rihanna, Instagram, and Justin Timberlake round out the rest of the top 10 most-followed Twitter accounts.   Perry snagged the Twitter throne from Bieber in November. He, in turn, had earlier toppled Gaga, who for two years was the most followed person. In October she told USA Today that felt felt like she had "learned how to tame that social media dragon."   
A fleet carrier is intended to operate with the main fleet and usually provides an offensive capability. These are the largest carriers capable of fast speeds. By comparison, escort carriers were developed to provide defense for convoys of ships. They were smaller and slower with lower numbers of aircraft carried. Most were built from mercantile hulls or, in the case of merchant aircraft carriers, were bulk cargo ships with a flight deck added on top. Light aircraft carriers were carriers that were fast enough to operate with the fleet but of smaller size with reduced aircraft capacity. Soviet aircraft carriers now in use by Russia are actually called heavy aviation cruisers, these ships while sized in the range of large fleet carriers were designed to deploy alone or with escorts and provide both strong defensive weaponry and heavy offensive missiles equivalent to a guided missile cruiser in addition to supporting fighters and helicopters.
Norway ( ; Norwegian: (Bokmål) or (Nynorsk); ), officially the Kingdom of Norway, is a sovereign state and unitary monarchy whose territory comprises the western portion of the Scandinavian Peninsula plus the remote island of Jan Mayen and the archipelago of Svalbard. The Antarctic Peter I Island and the sub-Antarctic Bouvet Island are dependent territories and thus not considered part of the Kingdom. Norway also lays claim to a section of Antarctica known as Queen Maud Land. Until 1814, the kingdom included the Faroe Islands, Greenland, and Iceland. It also included Bohuslän until 1658, Jämtland and Härjedalen until 1645, Shetland and Orkney until 1468, and the Hebrides and Isle of Man until 1266.   Norway has a total area of and a population of 5,258,317 (as of January 2017). The country shares a long eastern border with Sweden (1,619 km or 1,006 mi long). Norway is bordered by Finland and Russia to the north-east, and the Skagerrak strait to the south, with Denmark on the other side. Norway has an extensive coastline, facing the North Atlantic Ocean and the Barents Sea.   King Harald V of the Dano-German House of Glücksburg is the current King of Norway. Erna Solberg became Prime Minister in 2013, replacing Jens Stoltenberg. A constitutional monarchy, Norway divides state power between the Parliament, the Cabinet and the Supreme Court, as determined by the 1814 Constitution. The kingdom was established as a merger of a large number of petty kingdoms. By the traditional count from the year 872, the kingdom has existed continuously for 1,145 years, and the list of Norwegian monarchs includes over sixty kings and earls.
ECMAScript (or ES) is a trademarked scripting-language specification standardized by Ecma International in ECMA-262 and ISO/IEC 16262. It was created to standardize JavaScript, so as to foster multiple independent implementations. ECMAScript has remained the best-known implementation of JavaScript since the standard was first published, with other well-known implementations including JScript and ActionScript. Coders commonly use ECMAScript for client-side scripting on the World Wide Web, and it is increasingly being used for writing server applications and services using Node.js.   The ECMAScript specification is a standardized specification of a scripting language developed by Brendan Eich of Netscape; initially it was named Mocha, later LiveScript, and finally JavaScript. In December 1995, Sun Microsystems and Netscape announced JavaScript in a press release. In March 1996, Netscape Navigator 2.0 was released, featuring support for JavaScript.   Owing to the widespread success of JavaScript as a client-side scripting language for Web pages, Microsoft developed a compatible dialect of the language, naming it JScript to avoid trademark issues. JScript added new date methods to alleviate the Year 2000 problem caused by the JavaScript methods that were based on the Java "Date" class. JScript was included in Internet Explorer 3.0, released in August 1996.   Netscape delivered JavaScript to Ecma International for standardization and the work on the specification, ECMA-262, began in November 1996. The first edition of ECMA-262 was adopted by the Ecma General Assembly in June 1997. Several editions of the language standard have been published since then. The name "ECMAScript" was a compromise between the organizations involved in standardizing the language, especially Netscape and Microsoft, whose disputes dominated the early standards sessions. Eich commented that "ECMAScript was always an unwanted trade name that sounds like a skin disease."
The death of a University of Oklahoma football player was caused by multiple drugs in his system -- including five different painkillers -- at the time of death nearly two months ago, according to the state's toxicology report released Tuesday.   "It is with much sadness we look back and see that recently Austin had turned to other methods of managing his pain," said the parents of Austin Box, 22. They said they hoped others dealing with pain in a similar manner "will see this tragic accident as a message and think about the consequences."   "Our greatest regret is that Austin did not feel he could share his pain with those who loved him," his parents said.   Box was found unconscious and not breathing in an El Reno, Oklahoma, home May 19, according to a 911 tape released by CNN affiliate KWTV.   "He takes pain pills, and he's not responding to me," a voice on the tape told a police dispatcher.   Box was pronounced dead later that morning at an Oklahoma City Hospital, according to police who told KWTV.   According to the autopsy report, Box had five different painkillers in his system -- oxymorphone, morphine, hydrocodone, hydromorphone and oxycodone -- as well as alprazolam, an anti-anxiety drug.   The last few years of Box's life were full of injuries that often required surgeries, his parents said.   The most recent injury was a ruptured disc in his back in August 2010. Box was able to return to the field after recovery to help his team. 
Lucy was a young lady bug. She always felt different from the lady bugs because her colors were reversed! Instead of a red body and black spots she had a black body and red spots! As you can imagine this left Lucy feeling pretty lonely so she spent a lot of time flying around to all the different areas to find other ladybugs like her. She loved to feel the wind in her wings as she flew. She spent so much of her time flying around so she could fly longer and faster than another other lady bug. She also loved flying so much because it gave her a feeling of being free. One day when she was flying around she heard a loud scream for help! She went as fast as she could towards the screams for help. She saw another lady bug with a broken wing lying on the ground. She knew the lady bug as Jessie. "What happened?!" asked Lucy. "I crashed into the tree flying home yesterday and I've been lost ever since. I can't fly because my wing is broken. Do you know the way back home?" asked Jessie "Don't worry Jessie, I know this area like the back of my wing I'll lead you home!" Lucy said happily. "Thank you so much!" Jessie said happily. Lucy led Jessie straight home where he was given medicine to fix his broken wing. She was rewarded a medal and called a hero. As she enjoyed her medal she knew she didn't need to find for any more ladybugs that looked like her. She now knew that even with her different colors, she was still a lady bug like everyone else.
International aid workers scrambling to get into Haiti face a series of obstacles, from an airport that is already overwhelmed to blocked roads and a lack of communication, electricity, food and water.   And, as if that weren't enough, they will encounter a serious crime problem, a veteran disaster relief specialist told CNN.   "Security now in this particular crisis has already been raised as a major, major issue," said Paul Sherlock, a senior humanitarian representative for Oxfam.   "If you'd been in Haiti 25 years ago, even in Papa Doc's time, it was a pretty nasty dictatorship, and lots of people were killed. But infrastructure and services worked better then than they do now," he said.   Francois "Papa Doc" Duvalier was president from 1957 to 1971.   "It was safer to use public transport then than it was last year, certainly in terms of crime," he said.   "Over the last 10, 15, 20 years, the gangs and the drug culture have taken hold of Haiti, and that is why over the last four to five years, the United Nations has been trying to administer security in the capital and all the provincial cities as well," he said.   Nongovernmental organization workers "have not been using public transport or taxis because of the security risk they face. International aid workers certainly didn't."   Aid workers on their way to Haiti now are not sure how to ensure their safety, he said.   Some are "probably using U.N. military as escorts, but many NGOs are uncomfortable using any military escort. They have been going to the police, but I don't know, after what has happened, whether the police are in any better position to provide it." 
The Free State of Saxony is a landlocked federal state of Germany, bordering the federal states of Brandenburg, Saxony Anhalt, Thuringia, and Bavaria, as well as the countries of Poland (Lower Silesian and Lubusz Voivodeships) and the Czech Republic (Karlovy Vary, Liberec and Ústí nad Labem Regions). Its capital is Dresden, and its largest city is Leipzig.   Saxony is the tenth largest of Germany's sixteen states, with an area of , and the sixth most populous, with 4 million people.   The history of the state of Saxony spans more than a millennium. It has been a medieval duchy, an electorate of the Holy Roman Empire, a kingdom, and twice a republic.   The area of the modern state of Saxony should not be confused with Old Saxony, the area inhabited by Saxons. Old Saxony corresponds approximately to the modern German states of Lower Saxony, Saxony-Anhalt and the Westphalian part of North Rhine-Westphalia.   Saxony is divided into 10 districts:   1. Bautzen (BZ)   2. Erzgebirgskreis (ERZ)   3. Görlitz (GR)   4. Leipzig (L)   5. Meißen (MEI) (Meissen)   6. Mittelsachsen (FG)   7. Nordsachsen (TDO)   8. Sächsische Schweiz-Osterzgebirge (PIR)   9. Vogtlandkreis (V) 10. Zwickau (Z)   In addition there are three cities which have the status of an urban district ():
Al-Qaeda ( or ; ', , translation: "The Base", "The Foundation" or "The Fundament" and alternatively spelled al-Qaida, al-Qæda and sometimes al-Qa'ida) is a militant Sunni Islamist multi-national organization founded in 1988 by Osama bin Laden, Abdullah Azzam, and several other Arab volunteers who fought against the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan in the 1980s.   Al-Qaeda operates as a network made up of Islamic extremist, Salafist jihadists. It has been designated as a terrorist group by the United Nations Security Council, the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO), the European Union, the United States, Russia, India, and various other countries (see below). Al-Qaeda has mounted attacks on civilian and military targets in various countries, including the 1998 U.S. embassy bombings, the September 11 attacks, and the 2002 Bali bombings. The U.S. government responded to the September 11 attacks by launching the "War on Terror". With the loss of key leaders, culminating in the death of Osama bin Laden, al-Qaeda's operations have devolved from actions that were controlled from the , to actions by associated groups and "lone-wolf" operators. Characteristic techniques employed by al-Qaeda include suicide attacks and the simultaneous bombing of different targets. Activities ascribed to it may involve members of the movement who have made a pledge of loyalty to bin Laden, or the much more numerous "al-Qaeda-linked" individuals who have undergone training in one of its camps in Afghanistan, Pakistan, Iraq or Sudan. Al-Qaeda ideologues envision a complete break from all foreign influences in Muslim countries, and the creation of a new caliphate ruling over the entire Muslim world.
My name is Toby. I'm eighty-three years old now. I once knew the greatest man in England. William Shakespeare was his name. I first met William near a big field of apple trees in the town named Stratford in October, 1579. He told me he was 15 years old. He was two years older than me. He had a sister, Joan, and two younger brothers, Gilbert and Richard. And the next year he had another brother, Edmund. After William's parents died, he and his sister lived with his mother's brother. I became his friend from that day until he died. We met nearly every day. We were friends for thirty years.   I once worked with him in the theatre, through the good times and the bad times. William was good at acting. He could make all kinds of people pleased. By 1592, he became very famous. He was always busy day and night. I don't know when he slept. He not only acted in plays, but also wrote his own plays. In his whole life, William wrote 37 plays in all. He was the best _ in England.   He wrote a play about love in 1595. It was Romeo and Juliet. He once used my name, Toby, in his play--Twelfth Night. In this play, Sir Toby Belch was a big fat man, who liked drinking too much and having a good time. Queen Elizabeth the First watched this play on the 6thof January, 1601. She liked it.   William Shakespeare is dead now, of course. He has been dead for more than thirty years. There's no singing, no dancing, no plays. It isn't like that in my young days. But I can still think--and remember when William and I were young, we had a good time in London, William and I...
Concertgoers at the Indiana State Fair panicked and fled in the immediate aftermath of the concert stage collapse. But just as quickly, they returned, offering what they could during the moments that mattered.   "I'm a nurse. I'm a doctor. I'm a trained EMS responder," they said, according to Indiana Gov. Mitch Daniels, whose voice broke with emotion as he recalled the extraordinary efforts of ordinary people.   "The individual Hoosiers ran to the trouble, not from the trouble," he said, using the name for Indiana residents. "It's the character that we associate with our state. People don't have to be paid to do it."   The stage collapse at the Indiana State Fair Saturday night killed five people and injured 40 others.   Video showed the blue canvas top fraying and flapping just seconds before the steel scaffolding gave way, sending a heavy bank of stage lights and metal onto fans closest to the outdoor stage.   Ivan Gratz, a professional videographer, witnessed the event and filmed what happened after the collapse.   "Everybody ran away from the stage," he said. "And then as soon as the stage, like it was stable on the ground, everyone turned around and they ran back. And that's what was incredible in the pictures where you see the people grab a hold of the stage and they're lifting it up."   "Just amazing," said Gratz.   Allison Hoehn, another concertgoer, said that many attendees rushed to help those trapped after the stage crumbled.   "We tried to get down to help, but no one was moving," Hoehn said. "The storm came on so fast and the stage just snapped like a toothpick." 
Western Sahara (; "", , Spanish and French: Sahara Occidental) is a disputed territory in the Maghreb region of North Africa, partially controlled by the self-proclaimed Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic and partially Moroccan-occupied, bordered by Morocco proper to the north, Algeria to the northeast, Mauritania to the east and south, and the Atlantic Ocean to the west. Its surface area amounts to . It is one of the most sparsely populated territories in the world, mainly consisting of desert flatlands. The population is estimated at just over 500,000, of which nearly 40% live in Laayoune, the largest city in Western Sahara.   Occupied by Spain until the late 20th century, Western Sahara has been on the United Nations list of non-self-governing territories since 1963 after a Moroccan demand. It is the most populous territory on that list, and by far the largest in area. In 1965, the UN General Assembly adopted its first resolution on Western Sahara, asking Spain to decolonise the territory. One year later, a new resolution was passed by the General Assembly requesting that a referendum be held by Spain on self-determination. In 1975, Spain relinquished the administrative control of the territory to a joint administration by Morocco (which had formally claimed the territory since 1957) and Mauritania. A war erupted between those countries and a Sahrawi nationalist movement, the Polisario Front, which proclaimed the Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic (SADR) with a government in exile in Tindouf, Algeria. Mauritania withdrew its claims in 1979, and Morocco eventually secured "de facto" control of most of the territory, including all the major cities and natural resources. The United Nations considers the Polisario Front to be the legitimate representative of the Sahrawi people, and maintains that the Sahrawis have a right to self-determination.
And the winner is ... Yale.   That was the selection made Wednesday by Kwasi Enin, the New York high school student accepted by the eight Ivy League schools -- Harvard, Yale, Brown, Columbia, University of Pennsylvania, Dartmouth, Princeton and Cornell.   He made his pick in style, staging a news conference in the gym of William Floyd High School and delivering the big announcement before teachers and members of the media.   A visit to the New Haven, Connecticut, campus helped him decide.   "My Bull Dog Days experience last week was incredible," he said. "I met geniuses from all across the world. And everyone there was so friendly and inviting. ... And I believe that their deep appreciation and love for music, like I have, was very critical for me deciding to go there."   His father, Ebenezer, thanked all those at the high school who encouraged his son. "We are grateful for all the inspiration," he said.   "People think Kwasi is like an angel or somebody who was sheltered. Really, we gave him a lot of freedom, even though at the same time we were very strict with him in terms of academics and the way he behaved. ... We only pray that going forward he will stay focused and not be distracted."   Referring to Kwasi's 14-year-old sister, Adwoa, their father said: "I told her, Look, I believe you can do better than him."   Enin scored 2250 out of a possible 2400 on his SAT, placing him in the 98th percentile across the country, according to The College Board. He's also ranked 11th in his class at William Floyd High School, a public school on Long Island, according to his principal, Barbara Butler. 
Baltimore is the largest city in the U.S. state of Maryland, and the 29th-most populous city in the country.   Baltimore was established by the Constitution of Maryland and is not part of any county. With a population of 621,849 in 2015, Baltimore is the largest independent city in the United States. As of 2016, the population of the Baltimore metropolitan area was estimated to be just under 2.8 million, making it the 21st largest metropolitan area in the country. Baltimore is also part of the Washington-Baltimore combined statistical area (CSA), the fourth largest CSA in the nation with a calculated 2016 population of 9,665,892.   Founded in 1729, Baltimore is the second-largest seaport in the Mid-Atlantic. The city's Inner Harbor was once the second leading port of entry for immigrants to the United States and a major manufacturing center. After a decline in major manufacturing, industrialization, and rail transportation, Baltimore shifted to a service-oriented economy, with Johns Hopkins Hospital (founded 1889) and Johns Hopkins University (founded 1876), now the city's top two employers.   With hundreds of identified districts, Baltimore has been dubbed a "city of neighborhoods." Famous residents have included writers Edgar Allan Poe, Edith Hamilton, Frederick Douglass, and H.L. Mencken; jazz musician James "Eubie" Blake; singer Billie Holiday; actor and filmmaker John Waters; and baseball player Babe Ruth. In the War of 1812, Francis Scott Key wrote "The Star-Spangled Banner", which later became the American national anthem, in Baltimore.
Max was sitting at home reading his favorite book. The story was about cakes. Max thought to himself, "I am going to go to the store and get stuff to make a cake!" Max headed to the grocery store to get the cake ingredients. Max was going to make a banana and chocolate cake. On his way he saw his friend Greg, a small wolf. Greg was also heading to the store. Greg was going to make a pie for his mother. He needed to get strawberries and blueberries. Max asked Greg if he wanted to walk to the store together. Greg the wolf said yes, so they walked to the store together. At the store the other people looked at Max and Greg. They had never seen an alligator and a wolf who are friends before. Max and Greg laughed at this. Max got the chocolate and bananas to make his cake and Greg got the strawberries and blueberries to make his pie. They left the store. Max waved good bye to Greg. "See you later alligator," said Greg. Max went home and made his cake, it was very good.
C# (pronounced as "see sharp") is a multi-paradigm programming language encompassing strong typing, imperative, declarative, functional, generic, object-oriented (class-based), and component-oriented programming disciplines. It was developed by Microsoft within its .NET initiative and later approved as a standard by Ecma (ECMA-334) and ISO (ISO/IEC 23270:2006). C# is one of the programming languages designed for the Common Language Infrastructure.   C# is a general-purpose, object-oriented programming language. Its development team is led by Anders Hejlsberg. The most recent version is C# 7.0, which was released in 2017 along with Visual Studio 2017.   The ECMA standard lists these design goals for C#:   During the development of the .NET Framework, the class libraries were originally written using a managed code compiler system called "Simple Managed C" (SMC). In January 1999, Anders Hejlsberg formed a team to build a new language at the time called Cool, which stood for "C-like Object Oriented Language". Microsoft had considered keeping the name "Cool" as the final name of the language, but chose not to do so for trademark reasons. By the time the .NET project was publicly announced at the July 2000 Professional Developers Conference, the language had been renamed C#, and the class libraries and ASP.NET runtime had been ported to C#.
Unlike chemists and physicists, who usually do their experiments using machines, biologists and medical researchers have to use living things like rats. But there are three Nobel prize-winning scientists who actually chose to experiment on themselves - all in the name of science, reported The Telegraph. 1. Werner Forssmann (Nobel prize winner in 1956) Forssmann was a German scientist. He studied how to put a pipe inside the heart to measure the pressure inside and decide whether a patient needs surgery. Experiments had been done on horses before, so he wanted to try with human patients. But it was not permitted because the experiment was considered too dangerous. Not giving up, Forssmann decided to experiment on himself. He anaesthetized his own arm and made a cut, putting the pipe 30 centimeters into his vein. He then climbed two floors to the X-ray room before pushing the pipe all the way into his heart. 2. Barry Marshall (Nobel prize winner in 2005) Most doctors in the mid-20th century believed that _ was down to stress, spicy food or an unusually large amount of stomach acid. But in 1979 an Australian scientist named Robin Warren found that the disease might be related to a bacteria called Helicobacter pylori. So he teamed up with his colleague, Barry Marshall, to continue the study. When their request to experiment on patients was denied, Marshall bravely drank some of the bacteria. Five days later, he lost his appetite and soon was vomiting each morning - he indeed had gastritis. 3. Ralph Steinman (Nobel prize winner in 2011) This Canadian scientist discovered a new type of immune system cell called the dendritic cell. He believed that it had the ability to fight against cancer. Steinman knew he couldn't yet use his method to treat patients. So in 2007, when doctors told him that he had cancer and that it was unlikely for him to live longer than a year, he saw an opportunity. With the help of his colleagues, he gave himself three different vaccines based on his research and a total of eight experimental therapies. Even though Steinman eventually died from his cancer, he lived four and a half years, much longer than doctors had said he would.
"Oh,you must have been a spoiled kid.You must be really bossy.I wonder what you're going to be like to deal with?" That's often the response Angela Hult gets when people find out she's an only child,she told ABC News.Despite such negative remarks,Hult has decided to have only one child herself.And she's not alone.   According to the US' Office for National Statistics,women approaching the end of their childbearing years had an average of 1.9 children in 2004,compared with 3.1 for their counterparts in 1976.The percentage of onechild families in Britain had risen from 18 percent in 1972 to 26 percent in 2007.   But even though only children are becoming increasingly common,the traditional view that they're selfish,spoiled and lack social skills holds strong.Even parents of only children,like Hult,are made to feel guilty about having only one child.Worried that they're being selfish and endangering their child's future,they flock to online discussion forums seeking advice.Soon,however,they ask themselves:is this social prejudice really reasonable?   "There have been hundreds and hundreds of research studies that show that only children are no different from their peers ," Susan Newman,a social psychologist at Rutgers University in the US,told ABC News.   This raises another question:why are only children still viewed with such suspicion?   "There is a belief that's been around probably since humans first existed that to have just one child is somehow dangerous,both for you and for the continuation of your race," Toni Falbo,a professor of educational psychology,told the Guardian."In the past a lot of children died.You'd have had to be crazy to only have one."   Times,of course,have changed and infant mortality has largely reduced.So what do only children themselves say?   Kayley Kravitz,a blogger for The Huffington Post,grew up as an only child and highly recommends the experience."Being an only child taught me the most valuable skill of all:the ability to be alone," she said.
Nico Rosberg dominated the final, vital qualifying session of the 2014 F1 season in Abu Dhabi, putting the German in the box seat for the World Championship title.   The Mercedes driver, who has endured a fine but torrid season alongside his rival Lewis Hamilton, led the session from the start as Hamilton put in an error strewn performance to finish second, 0.386 seconds behind Rosberg, and set up a mouthwatering race in the Middle East on Sunday.   Neck and neck   Rosberg and Hamilton have clashed on and off the track during a season dominated by Mercedes. The two drivers have gone neck and neck for most of the season before a late spurt of form from Hamilton put him ahead for the last race.   But a controversial rule change that awards double points for the last race of the season means that Hamilton's 17 point championship lead is far more precarious than it should have been.   "It's only one step, a very small step," Rosberg said after securing his 11th pole of the season. His performance meant that Mercedes managed to secure every single pole this season, a feat that hasn't been seen by an engine manufacturer since Ford achieved the same in 1969.   Hamilton still favorite   Hamilton, meanwhile, is still the favorite to walk away with the title. As long as he finishes second, Rosberg's performance is immaterial.   "I generally didn't have the best of laps but I enjoyed the qualifying session," said Hamilton. "Tomorrow is going to be a special day ... This weekend is about the championship, not about pole position." 
The concept of universal suffrage, also known as general suffrage or common suffrage, consists of the right to vote of all adults, subject only to minor exceptions. Many countries make an exception for small numbers of adults that are considered mentally incapable of voting. Other countries also exclude people convicted of serious crimes or people in jail, but this is considered a violation of a basic human right in an increasing number of countries. In some countries, including the United States, it is very difficult and expensive for convicted criminals to regain this right even after having served their jail sentence, but U.S voting laws are not national, but subject to federalism so some states have more lenient voting laws. In any case, where universal suffrage exists, the right to vote is not restricted by race, sex, belief, wealth, or social status.   Although it took or is taking a long time in many countries before women got or get the right to run for office even after getting the right to vote, there are still no commonly used clear terms to differentiate between these different rights. It is therefore usually best to avoid the little known and ambivalent terms used to make this distinction and to instead clearly say whether one is referring to only men or also women having only the right to vote or also the right to run for office.
Sikhism (), or Sikhi ( "", , from "Sikh", meaning a "disciple", or a "learner"), is a monotheistic Indian religion that originated in the Punjab region of the Indian subcontinent about the end of the 15th century. It is one of the youngest of the major world religions. The fundamental beliefs of Sikhism, articulated in the sacred scripture Guru Granth Sahib, include faith and meditation on the name of the one creator, unity of all humankind, engaging in selfless service, striving for social justice for the benefit and prosperity of all, and honest conduct and livelihood while living a householder's life. In the early 21st century there were nearly 25 million Sikhs worldwide, the great majority of them living in the Indian state of Punjab.   Sikhism is based on the spiritual teachings of Guru Nanak, the first Guru, and the nine Sikh gurus that succeeded him. The Tenth Guru, Guru Gobind Singh, named the Sikh scripture Guru Granth Sahib as his successor, terminating the line of human Gurus and making the scripture the eternal, impersonal spiritual guide for Sikhs. Sikhism rejects claims that any particular religious tradition has a monopoly on Absolute Truth.   Sikhism emphasises simran (meditation on the words of the Guru Granth Sahib), that can be expressed musically through kirtan or internally through Nam Japo (repeat God's name) as a means to feel God's presence. It teaches followers to avoid the "Five Thieves" (lust, rage, greed, attachment and conceit). Hand in hand, secular life is considered to be intertwined with the spiritual life. Guru Nanak taught that living an "active, creative, and practical life" of "truthfulness, fidelity, self-control and purity" is above the metaphysical truth, and that the ideal man is one who "establishes union with God, knows His Will, and carries out that Will". Guru Hargobind, the sixth Sikh Guru, established the political/temporal (Miri) and spiritual (Piri) realms to be mutually coexistent.
The idea of not having a phone at ail could be beneficial sounds crazy to people who are addicted to the global Internet or even just Facebook. Indeed, it sounds like a pain. But some luxuries of a phone-free lifestyle make us realize that freedom has long been absent from our lives with a phone. According to The Wall Street Journal's Anton Troianovski. people expect less of you when you don't have a cell phone. Melissa Hildebrand, for example, doesn't even own n phone. She just leaves if her friends don't turn up on time for an event or meeting. "She gives them 15 to 30 minutes to show up," writes Troianovski. With a cell phone in hand, one receives apology calls, which will lengthen the waiting. Without a phone, that responsibility seems to reduce. Dean Obeidallah of CNN believes that not having a cell phone gives him the ability to see things; A beautiful woman burning past while fixing her makeup; Asian tourists busy taking photos; a businessman talking on his phone and looking important. "Instead of texting or checking my e-mail, I began to actually, look at the people I sharing the streets with. It is truly like a movie set filled with extras from all walks of life, Obeidallah said. Along with these small benefits of not having a phone, however, come all its inconvenience. Nancy Kadlick told The Wall Street Journal that she once missed an airport pick-up due to not having a phone. For Rebecca Greenfield, a columnist for the Atlantic Wire, the inconvenience of not having a phone outweigh(;) these small luxuries. But she also said: "Not having one every once in a while sounds like a nice practice."
A five-year-old British boy who was kidnapped in Pakistan earlier this month has been found safe and is back with his relatives, the British High Commission said Tuesday.   Sahil Saeed was released at a school in the Punjab province of Pakistan, said Assistant Chief Constable David Thompson of the Greater Manchester Police in England, near his parents' residence in Oldham.   From there, Sahil wandered into a field and was found by residents who looked after him until police arrived, Thompson said.   Regional Pakistani police said Sahil was found near the town of Danga in Punjab province, close to where he was abducted March 3.   Sahil was in good condition, said Aslam Tareen, the head of the regional police.   "He is with members of family in Pakistan and the Pakistani police, and there is also contact from the British High Commission," Thompson said. He added that Sahil had already spoken to his mother and father in England by telephone and that both parents were "clearly relieved" to speak to their son.   The High Commission issued a statement thanking police in Jhelum, another town in the eastern province of Punjab, for the boy's return.   "This is fantastic news that brings to an end a traumatic ordeal faced by Sahil and his family," said Adam Thomson, the British high commissioner to Pakistan.   Police arrested some of the kidnappers, said Rana Sanaullah, the provincial law minister.   Sahil, a British citizen of Pakistani descent, was on the last day of a two-week vacation in Pakistan before he was to return home to Oldham, in northern England. 
Derek was sad. He was playing in the school yard at recess and a girl in his class was being mean to him. Her name was Sandy. Sandy was best friends with Alexis. Alexis was nice to Derek, but Sandy kept being mean. Sandy kicked dirt at Derek and called him mean names. Alexis felt bad that her friend was so nasty to Derek. Derek knew that Sandy did not like him, so he sat down in the school yard with a big frown. All of a sudden, a stranger walked up to Derek and asked him if he wanted some rock sugar candy. He told Derek he had lots of sugar rock candy in his car in the parking lot. Derek remembered his parents telling him never to talk to strangers, so he started running away from the man. Sandy and Alexis were on the jungle gym and they saw Derek running from the stranger. They went to tell their teacher, Mrs. Mustard, who was still inside the classroom. Sandy and Alexis came into the classroom screaming for help. Derek ran into the classroom right after the girls. Mrs. Mustard looked out into the recess yard, but the stranger was gone. Jenny, Mrs. Mustard's helper, called the police to report what had happened.
Kate's parents planned a family trip to Europe! This would be Kate's first big vacation out of America. She loves to be on planes. The plane ride was fun and they landed in Paris, France. They went to the Eiffel Tower and the Seine River. Kate even learned how to say hello in French! They ate delicious food. Then they took a train to London, England. They drank tea and toast and went to see art. Then they took another plane to Spain. They went to the beach and ate delicious Spanish food. Spanish food was her favorite so far. A new friend taught her "Hola," which is hello in Spanish. Finally, they went to Italy. They ate pasta and pizza and saw the Leaning Tower of Pisa. Her mom took a funny picture of her pretending to hold the tower. She learned to say hello in Italian, too. Kate had such a fun time on her vacation. She took a lot of pictures and then made a photo album to show to her friends at school. Kate wants to go back to Europe one day. She loves to travel and see new and different places.
Timothy likes to play sports. He spends his time after school playing basketball and baseball. Sometimes Timothy pretends he is a famous baseball pitcher for his favorite team with his friends. He plays with his friends Mandy and Andrew. Timothy also plays pretend when he is alone. He has an imaginary friend named Sean. Sean is an elephant who watches television with Timothy.   Mandy likes playing baseball but she also likes to paint. Mandy's favorite class at school is art. She likes making pictures of flowers. Her teacher says she is a good artist. She painted a picture of a tree for her teacher. There were red and yellow leaves on it. It had apples on it.   When Andrew goes home after baseball, he likes to eat a snack. He eats carrots and bananas. If he is a good boy his mom, Mrs. Smith, sometimes gives him milk and cookies. Afterwards, Andrew finishes his homework.
"I believe you're the right person to write an advice column for the students called Dear Amy!" Jenny, editor of the school newspaper, said to Andy, who finally agreed to accept the job if Jenny promised not to tell it to anyone else. At first it wasn't too bad. Most of the letters he received were interesting and quite easy to answer. Then came a letter from a person named Joe. "Dear Amy," it began, "I'm in real trouble. I've wanted to be a songwriter all my life, but my parents don't even let me take music lessons. I have a guitar, but they both get angry if I play. I've tried explaining, but they didn't listen. I feel sad. Should I run away from home? Maybe that will make my parents agree." The letter signed "Joe". Andy thought about this letter for a long time. Should he advise someone to run away from home? Probably not. But didn't Joe have a right to be a songwriter if he wanted to? Andy thought hard, but couldn't think out a good answer. Andy couldn't sleep. He just worried about poor Joe. At a bar a few days later, Eleanor, a girl in Andy's maths class, sat down next to him and asked, " What's wrong with you? You look a little worried." "I guess I do," said Andy. "If you get a problem, why don't you try writing to Dear Amy about it?" asked Eleanor. Andy sighed. But Eleanor continued, "In fact, I guess Dear Amy is rather busy with other problems. She still hasn't answered the _ letter I wrote her last week. You'd better read it -- it may even make the most hard-hearted person cry! It was supposed to be from a songwriter named Joe."
Jack and Mike are on holiday in France. Mike loves visiting old building. So does Jack. In the village Jack and Mike see a beautiful old church , but when they come into the church, some people are there. They don't know what the people are doing. "Oh! Just sit quietly , and act like the others!"Mike says. Because they don't really know French, so they stand, kneel and sit to follow other people. At that time, the priest says something. And the man who sits next to Jack and Mike stands up. "We should stand up, too!"Jack whispers to Mike. So, Jack and Mike walk to the priest. "What's so funny?"Jack asks in English. With a smile on his face the priest says, "Boys, there is a newbaby born, we ask the father to stand up." Mike shakes his head. He smiles and says, "We should understand what people do before we act like them!"
Jack Brown was very quiet as Dr. Johnson examined him. The doctor looked at the boy's throat , took his temperature and listened to his heart . Finally, he asked Jack's mother a few questions "When did Jack begin to feel ill?" "This morning when he got up. He said he felt too sick to go to school today." "What did he eat for breakfast?" "He got orange juice, two pieces of bread, an egg and a glass of milk." I see," the doctor asked Jack, "How do you feel now,My boy?" Jack answered "Terrible, I think I'm going to die The doctor said, "You won't die. In fact, you'll be fine by dinner time." "Oh, doctor! Do you really think so?" Jack's mother looked very glad, Dr. Johnson answered, "Mrs. Brown, you son has a sickness that is common to boys at a time like this. It comes and goes quickly. Mrs. Brown said, "But I don't understand." "Today," the doctor told her, "the most exciting football final of the World Cup is on TV. If Jack feel well enough to watch TV this afternoon, and I think he does. He will be fine when the final is over. It's the only cure I know of this sickness. Now, if you'll excuse me, I must go across the street to see the Fords boy, Steve. He seems to have the same thing as Jack has today."
Henry Joseph Madden was a good student and track team member in high school, but he had a secret: He sometimes wore his mother's pantyhose and underwear under his clothes.   Dr. Jennifer Madden, a family physician, began her transition to being female at age 48.   "I really wanted to be a girl so bad, and that was one way for me to satisfy those feelings," Madden said. "I always felt like someone was looking over my shoulder."   The desire to be female never went away. At age 48, Madden confessed these feelings to a doctor, and started seeing a gender therapist who suggested Madden was transgendered.   Through reconstructive surgeries, electrolysis, laser procedures and voice lessons, Henry Joseph became Jennifer Elizabeth, known as Jenny. She is a practicing family physician in Nashua, New Hampshire. Watch Jenny's story »   Chastity Bono, child of performer Cher and the late entertainer and politician Sonny Bono, announced Thursday the beginning of a transition from female to a male.   While still relatively rare -- one advocate estimates that 0.25 to 0.5 percent of the American population is transgendered -- the idea of changing gender identity has become more widespread in recent years. The term "LGBT" (Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Transgender) is more commonly recognized, and transgendered people have been portrayed in the 1999 film "Boys Don't Cry" as well as the 2002 book "Middlesex" by Jeffrey Eugenides.   Many people who have transitioned, including Madden, say they knew they had been born into the wrong gender from childhood. As early as age 3, Dr. Julie Praus, born male, didn't understand why her father wanted to play catch. As a boy, Praus learned how to fish and hunt, but enjoyed collecting Depression-era glassware vases. Praus, 48, a psychiatrist in Brattleboro, Vermont, started living as a woman in March 2008. 
Baroness Thatcher, Britain's greatest post-war prime minister, died at the age of 87 after suffering a stroke (a disease related to blood vessels in the brain), her family announced on 8 April 2013. Her son, Sir Mark, and daughter Carol confirmed her death that morning. zxxk Margaret Thatcher, daughter of a businessman and mayor of Grantham, was educated at the local grammar school, and at Oxford, where she got a degree in chemistry, and upon graduation she worked for four years as a research chemist. She then qualified as a lawyer in 1954. As Miss Margaret Roberts, she stood twice in parliamentary elections for the Conservative Party , before being elected (after her marriage) to the House of Commons in 1959. When the Conservatives returned to office in June 1970, she was appointed secretary of state for education and science. After the Conservatives lost power in 1974, she was appointed to the Shadow Cabinet , and was elected leader of the Conservative Party in 1975. Baroness Thatcher became prime minister on 4 May 1979 and went on to earn the nickname "the Iron Lady", becoming known for her strong responses to the political and economic crisis, which Thatcher's supporters think are good for Britain, while her opposers argue that her policies destroyed British manufacturing. Lady Thatcher governed Britain from 1979 to 1990. She will go down in history not only as Britain's first female prime minister, but as the woman who changed Britain's economy in addition to being an awesome rival on the international stage. zxxk Lady Thatcher was the only British prime minister to leave behind a set of ideas about the role of the state which other leaders and nations try to copy and apply.
Chen Jie, 14, from Ningbo, Zhejiang is a lucky girl. She got 3600 yuan as gift money this Spring Festival. However, her grandmother took away all the money and put it in a bank account. Many students experienced the same thing as Chen. They got their gift money, only to immediately have it taken away. Xiong Shengyue, 14, from Nanjing, doesn't agree with the practice. "I think the money should be the children's, " she said. " We should take care of it by ourselves." It is not that simple, said Chu Chaohui, a researcher at national Institute of Education Sciences. Giving gift money is used to show social status and develop relationships, he told Beijing Legal Evening News. Gift money has lost its traditional meaning of good will and has "little to do with the children". What's more, children don't earn the money through work. So he thought that parents should still play a big part in dealing with the money. But Yan Honglan, a mother of a 14-year-old boy in Beijing, has let her son be responsible for his gift money since the age of 8. "I want to develop his financial skills, ' Yan said. She also added:"No matter how you deal with the money, the most important thing is to make the children feel they're respected and trusted. Chen supported Yan's idea. She said that though she knew her grandmother wouldn't waste her gift money, she would feel happier if she could at least know how the money is spent. "It would make me feel a little bit more grown-up," she said.
A Tale of Two Cities was written by the famous English writer Charles Dickens. The tale is mainly about the French Revolution in 1789, where the poor rose up against the king and the nobles. Dickens showed deep sympathy for the poor and deep hatred for the cruelty of the upper class, though he wrote quite a lot about the love triangle between Lucie, Charles and Sydney.   In this novel, Dickens wrote some lively characters like Sydney and those crazy revolutionaries. In this tale, we can't see any absolute roles. Charles, though he's a brave and good man, obviously he hasn't as much ability as Sydney. Sydney, a typical tragic man, a man like him, usually has great ability. But he has some weak points on characters and the worst is that he always loves a woman he shouldn't love and 99.99% die for her at last in an extremely heroic or tragic way. The revolutionaries are not as full of justice as usual. They get mad when they can get revenge for their unfair treatment. The fire of hatred burns everything. When they're at the bottom of the society, they're calling for justice, for fair treatment, for freedom, but when they're in charge of the society, their world is up-side-down. They hate everything that is connected to the very people against them, even including Charles' wife, Dr. Manette's daughter. So _ have no difference from those former governors at heart.   Though Dickens told us how the authority is recycling over and over again in some way, the novel is about something good. Love from Sydney to Lucie is one of the only few bright points in the novel and it's really great. A man can sacrifice his life to save his lover's husband. He doesn't have any personal purpose and just for his lover's happiness. So Dickens may imply us, only love can solve the problems between people, between the poor and the rich, love is everything.
Seven years ago, Dawn Larkin-Wallace, a mom of three, took up running to lose that 10 to 20 pounds of baby weight that just wouldn't go away.   She figured once she dropped the weight, she'd be off the treadmill.   What she could have never imagined is that she'd become a marathon runner who inspired her three children to start running, too.   "We're just a running family," said Larkin-Wallace of Baldwin, New York, who is part of the running club Black Girls RUN!, a national group encouraging African-American women to make health and fitness a priority.   First, Larkin-Wallace signed up 15-year-old daughter Kayla, a high school sophomore, for a race after realizing that the amount of running she did during her soccer games was the equivalent of a 5K.   With the "positive peer pressure ... and the competitive spirit" that exists in the Wallace household, she said with a laugh, "of course, her brother and sister decided that that's something they wanted to do, too."   Kimberly, 11, and Kevin Jr., 9, ran their first 5K's this year.   Larkin-Wallace said her goal is for "healthy living to become a lifestyle and not just a fad" among her kids, who also play a range of sports from basketball to soccer to lacrosse.   What she's also very mindful of is encouraging her children, especially her girls, to feel good about their bodies. A recent study found that two in three 13-year-olds worry about gaining weight.   Helping her girls feel good about their bodies   "It's always on my mind, and I have African-American daughters. ... I have to help them understand that because their body type is different than others doesn't make one better or more right than the other," she said during a conversation with her family in their home. 
Jack thought himself a basketball fan. He watched quite a lot of American NBA basketball games. Not only did he watch them, he spent much of his free time playing on the court too. Then came the final year of his middle school. All of his regular teammates stopped showing up on the court because they were simply too busy preparing for the high school entrance exam to play. He was, of course, under much stress himself, like everyone else. A good exam result meant a good high school; a mediocre score meant a mediocre school. _ . However, he loved basketball so much that he still found time to play, this time with a group of guys who were said to have skipped classes before. Some of his teachers started worrying about him. They asked his mother to go to school to let her know that Jack was hanging out with problem kids. When his mother returned home that day, she wanted to talk to Jack. Knowing the purpose of her visit to the school, Jack thought his mother would punish him for befriending those bad guys. To his surprise, his mother was not angry with him at all. She wanted to hear her son's side of the story. So Jack told his mother about what he knew of Simon and Peter. Simon's parents were badly ill; Peter's father had lost his job. They both seemed to Jack to be normal kids. Jack's mother thought for a moment, then went on to say that she was OK with her son playing with them and that she and her son should think of ways to help these kids. Soon Jack's mum introduced some part-time jobs to Simon and Peter, which they accepted. She believed in her son and cared about those who were less lucky. Jack's basketball friends and he have left for different places, but they still keep in touch. He knows Peter is now a manager of a local bank. Simon is currently a freshman at a university. Sadly, it is impossible to get together to play basketball again, but whenever they get on the phone, they talk about it all the time.
Evolutionary biology is the subfield of biology that studies the evolutionary processes that produced the diversity of life on Earth, starting from a single common ancestor. These processes include natural selection, common descent, and speciation.   The discipline emerged through what Julian Huxley called the modern synthesis (of the 1930s) of understanding from several previously unrelated fields of biological research, including genetics, ecology, systematics and paleontology.   Current research has widened to cover the genetic architecture of adaptation, molecular evolution, and the different forces that contribute to evolution including sexual selection, genetic drift and biogeography. The newer field of evolutionary developmental biology ("evo-devo") investigates how embryonic development is controlled, thus creating a wider synthesis that integrates developmental biology with the fields covered by the earlier evolutionary synthesis.   Evolution is the central unifying concept in biology. Biology can be divided in various ways. One way is by the level of biological organisation, from molecular to cell, organism to population. An earlier way is by perceived taxonomic group, with fields such as zoology, botany, and microbiology, reflecting what were once seen as the major divisions of life. A third way is by approach, such as field biology, theoretical biology, experimental evolution, and paleontology. These alternative ways of dividing up the subject can be combined with evolutionary biology to create subfields like evolutionary ecology and evolutionary developmental biology.
Construction is the process of constructing a building or infrastructure. Construction differs from manufacturing in that manufacturing typically involves mass production of similar items without a designated purchaser, while construction typically takes place on location for a known client. Construction as an industry comprises six to nine percent of the gross domestic product of developed countries. Construction starts with planning,[citation needed] design, and financing and continues until the project is built and ready for use.   Large-scale construction requires collaboration across multiple disciplines. An architect normally manages the job, and a construction manager, design engineer, construction engineer or project manager supervises it. For the successful execution of a project, effective planning is essential. Those involved with the design and execution of the infrastructure in question must consider zoning requirements, the environmental impact of the job, the successful scheduling, budgeting, construction-site safety, availability and transportation of building materials, logistics, inconvenience to the public caused by construction delays and bidding, etc. The largest construction projects are referred to as megaprojects.
Steve took his family to the lake. There are a lot of things to do at the lake. Steve's favorite thing to do is ride in his red boat across the blue water. The boat is very loud and makes dark brown smoke. The boat can go very fast. Steve has a son named Bobby. Bobby doesn't like riding in the boat, he prefers to sit on the shore and make lunch. He makes sandwiches for the whole family. Bobby loves eating ham sandwiches, but Steve prefers turkey sandwiches. Bobby's mom also likes to eat ham sandwiches. Bobby also has a younger sister named Mary. Mary doesn't like eating sandwiches so she brings one cup of soup and some chips for her lunch. Mary enjoys fishing at the lake. She caught two yellow fish, five pink fish and three blue fish. Mary wants to cook the fish for dinner. Bobby's mom likes to wear her favorite orange hat. Her hat also has a big purple flower on top. She got the hat from Billy who works at the big store down the street. After Steve's family leaves the lake they all want to go home and eat dinner. Playing at the lake makes them all very hungry!
For much of the world, February 14 is known as a day to celebrate love.   But in Iran, Valentine's Day has come to mark another occasion as well—the anniversary of the house arrest of Iran's leading opposition figures Mir Hossein Mousavi, Mehdi Karroubi and Zahra Rahnavard. On February 14, 2011, Iranian authorities placed Mousavi, Karroubi and Rahnavard under house arrest for calling on Iranians to demonstrate in support of the popular Arab uprisings across the region.   According to Reuters, earlier this month Karroubi was moved from a Ministry of Intelligence-controlled safe house to his own home.   The transfer shined new light on the plight of Iran's "prisoners of rights"— those imprisoned for seeking to exercise commonly recognized political, social, religious, economic, and cultural rights, denied to them by the Iranian government.   In addition to opposition politicians like Mousavi, Karroubi and Rahnavard, Iran's prisoners of rights include lawyers, journalists, professors, students, labor union workers, poets, musicians, artists, dissident clerics, bloggers, ethnic and religious minorities, LGBT persons and even humanitarian aid workers.   Civil rights and human rights activists are also a primary target. Some prisoners of rights, like women's rights and student activist Bahareh Hedayat, have been arrested for holding gatherings to protest laws that discriminate against women.   Others, like the "Yaran"—the seven leaders of the Bahá'í religious minority in Iran—are imprisoned for teaching a faith the Iranian government does not recognize.   Still others, like lawyer Abdolfattah Soltani, are imprisoned for their efforts to assist or seek justice for prisoners of rights. Ironically, before his arrest, Soltani had been preparing a case in defense of the seven Bahá'í leaders. 
Science has a lot of uses. It can reveal laws of nature, cure diseases, make bombs, and help bridges to stand up. Indeed science is so good at what it does that there's always a temptation to drag it into problems where it may not be helpful. David Brooks, author ofThe Social Animal, The Hidden Sources of Love, Character, and Achievement, appears to be the latest in a long line of writers who have failed to resist the temptation.   Brooks gained fame for several books. His latest bookThe Social Animal, however, is more ambitious and serious than his earlier books. It is an attempt to deal with a set of weighty topics. The book focuses on big questions: What has science revealed about human nature? What are the sources of character? And why are some people happy and successful while others aren't?   To answer these questions, Brooks surveys a wide range of subjects. Because of this, you might expect the book to cover a variety of facts. But Brooks has structured his book in an unusual, and perhaps unfortunate way. Instead of introducing scientific theories, he tells a story, within which he tries to make his points, perhaps in order to keep the reader's attention. So as Harold and Erica, the hero and heroine in his story, live through childhood, we hear about the science of child development and as they begin to date we hear about the theory of sexual attraction. Brooks carries this through to the death of one of his characters.   On the whole, Brooks's story is acceptable if uninspired. As one would expect, his writing is mostly clear and, to be fair, some chapters stand out above the rest. I enjoyed, for instance, the chapter in which Harold discovers how to think on his own. While Harold and Erica are certainly not strong characters, the more serious problems withThe Social Animallie elsewhere. These problems partly involve Brooks's attempt to translate his tale into science.
The United States have named former Germany captain Jurgen Klinsmann as their new national coach, just a day after sacking Bob Bradley.   Bradley, who took over as coach in January 2007, was relieved of his duties on Thursday, and U.S. Soccer Federation president Sunil Gulati confirmed in a statement on Friday that his replacement has already been appointed.   "Jurgen is a highly accomplished player and coach with the experience and knowledge to advance the program," said Gulati.   Bradley sacked as United States national coach   "He has had success in many different areas of the game and we look forward to the leadership he will provide on and off the field."   The 46-year-old Klinsmann, who will be formally introduced to the media on Monday, expressed his delight at his appointment.   "I'm excited about the challenge ahead. I am looking forward to bringing the team together for our upcoming match against Mexico on August 10th and starting on the road towards qualifying for the 2014 FIFA World Cup."   Klinsmann, who led Germany to third place in the 2006 World Cup finals, already lives in California and has been linked with the position for some time.   However, his reputation dipped slightly after taking over as Bayern Munich coach in 2008, losing his job after just a year in charge of the Bavarian giants.   During his playing career, Klinsmann was respected as one of the greatest strikers of his era.   He scored 232 goals in 516 games during a 17-year club career that took in spells with Bayern, Italian side Inter Milan and English club Tottenham Hotspur. 
Last Thursday, a young woman saved an elderly man from a burning house on Garden Road. The young woman's name is Kitty and she works in a clothes shop. The elderly man, Daniel, lives just opposite the clothes shop. On Thursday afternoon, Kitty looked out of the window. She saw some smoke coming from Daniel's house and rushed over to see what was happening. The house was on fire and Daniel was inside. Kitty quickly called the fireman on 999. Then, she ran into the house to save Daniel. She found Daniel in his bedroom and he was frightened. Kitty helped Daniel out to a safe place. Five minutes later the fireman arrived and they put out the fire. No one was hurt. The next day, Daniel said,"I am so grateful to Kitty. She saved my life."Daniel also said,"In the future, I will be more careful. I don't want another fire in my house."
The Organization of American States, or the OAS or OEA, is a continental organization founded on 30 April 1948, for the purposes of regional solidarity and cooperation among its member states. Headquartered in the United States capital Washington, D.C., the OAS's members are the 35 independent states of the Americas.   As of 26 May 2015, the Secretary General of OAS is Luis Almagro.   The notion of an international union in the New World was first put forward by Simón Bolívar who, at the 1826 Congress of Panama (still being part of Colombia), proposed creating a league of American republics, with a common military, a mutual defense pact, and a supranational parliamentary assembly. This meeting was attended by representatives of Gran Colombia (comprising the modern-day countries of Colombia, Ecuador, Panama and Venezuela), Peru, Bolivia, The United Provinces of Central America, and Mexico but the grandly titled "Treaty of Union, League, and Perpetual Confederation" was ultimately ratified only by Gran Colombia. Bolívar's dream soon floundered with civil war in Gran Colombia, the disintegration of Central America, and the emergence of national rather than New World outlooks in the newly independent American republics. Bolívar's dream of American unity was meant to unify Hispanic American nations against external powers.
The bus driver and his passengers were being hailed as heroes last night after rescuing a woman from her burning car following a crash on the Bluff Highway. The 60-year-old woman was taken by ambulance to Southland Hospital after firefighters battled for 30 minutes to cut her from her car.   Acting Senior Sergeant Brock Davis of Invercargill, said emergency services were called to the scene of the crash at the crossroads of Motorimu Rd and State Highway I shortly before 5:00 p.m. yesterday.   Mr. Davis said a Mitsubishi car driven by a 30-year-old man traveling north on the highway and the woman's southbound Suzuki Alto collided . The man suffered slight injuries in the crash, he said.   Invercargill Passenger Transport Ltd driver Bill McDermott and his passengers--New Zealand Aluminum Smelters Ltd workers were first on the scene and alerted emergency services. The scene at the spot was disordered, Mr. McDermott said.   "There was a car on its side and a guy wandering around who was quite excited," he said. "We stopped, got out and found a lady trapped in her car ...... then we noticed flames in the engine bay and the smell of petrol." Mr. McDermott took a fire extinguisher from the bus, doused the flames, and several other workers controlled traffic.   However, he said his actions were "no big deal". He was not willing to take any credit for helping the woman.   "The praise goes to all the guys that jumped off that bus." Invercargill Senior Station officer Alan Goldsworthy, who was an officer in charge at the scene, said there was a possibility the car could have burst into flames if Mr. McDermott and the smelter workers had not helped. "They should acquire a good pat on the back." he said.
In monotheism and henotheism, God is conceived of as the Supreme Being and principal object of faith. The concept of God as described by theologians commonly includes the attributes of omniscience (infinite knowledge), omnipotence (unlimited power), omnipresence (present everywhere), omnibenevolence (perfect goodness), divine simplicity, and eternal and necessary existence. God is also usually defined as a non-corporeal being without any human biological gender, but the concept of God actively (as opposed to receptively) creating the universe has caused some religions to give "Him" the metaphorical name of "Father". Because God is conceived as not being a corporeal being, God cannot(some say should not) be portrayed in a literal visual image; some religious groups use a man (sometimes old and bearded) to symbolize God because of His deed of creating man's mind in the image of His own.   In theism, God is the creator and sustainer of the universe, while in deism, God is the creator, but not the sustainer, of the universe. Monotheism is the belief in the existence of one God or in the oneness of God. In pantheism, God is the universe itself. In atheism, God is not believed to exist, while God is deemed unknown or unknowable within the context of agnosticism. God has also been conceived as being incorporeal (immaterial), a personal being, the source of all moral obligation, and the "greatest conceivable existent". Many notable philosophers have developed arguments for and against the existence of God.
It was deja vu for the Williams sisters at the French Open -- but not in a good way.   A mouthwatering third-round clash between seven-time grand slam champion Venus and 17-time major winner Serena was ruled out when the former lost to unseeded Slovakian Anna Schmiedlova 2-6 6-3 6-4 in early play in Paris on Wednesday.   Then hours later, Serena -- also the defending champion and world No. 1 -- fell to Spain's Garbine Muguruza 6-2 6-2, her worst ever grand slam performance.   In 2008, the siblings were also defeated on the same day at Roland Garros, their least productive major. The last time it happened was at Wimbledon in 2011.   An 18th grand slam singles crown for Serena would have tied her with legends Chris Evert and Martina Navratilova but the younger of the tennis playing sisters has now been upset in consecutive majors.   Venus has been hindered by debilitating autoimmune disease Sjogren's Syndrome in recent years though she looked solid in her first round match against the promising Swiss, Belinda Bencic.   The siblings join other big names who've already been upset at the tournament, including Australian Open champions Stan Wawrinka and Li Na, as well as Kei Nishikori and Caroline Wozniacki.   Defeat for Serena meant it was the first time in the Open era that the top two women's seeds had fallen before the third round.   "I don't think anything worked for me today," a dejected Serena told reporters at her post-match press conference.   "It was one of those days. You can't be on every day, and, gosh, I hate to be off during a grand slam but it happens. It's not the end of the world. 
Columbus is the capital and largest city of the U.S. state of Ohio. It is the 14th-largest city in the United States, with a population of 860,090 as of 2016 estimates. This makes Columbus the third-most populous state capital in the United States, and the second-largest city in the Midwestern United States, after Chicago. It is the core city of the Columbus, Ohio, Metropolitan Statistical Area, which encompasses ten counties. With a population of 2,021,632, it is Ohio's third-largest metropolitan area.   Columbus is the county seat of Franklin County. The city proper has also expanded and annexed portions of adjoining Delaware County and Fairfield County. Named for explorer Christopher Columbus, the city was founded in 1812 at the confluence of the Scioto and Olentangy rivers, and assumed the functions of state capital in 1816.   The city has a diverse economy based on education, government, insurance, banking, defense, aviation, food, clothes, logistics, steel, energy, medical research, health care, hospitality, retail, and technology. Columbus is home to the Battelle Memorial Institute, the world's largest private research and development foundation; Chemical Abstracts Service, the world's largest clearinghouse of chemical information; NetJets, the world's largest fractional ownership jet aircraft fleet; and The Ohio State University, one of the largest universities in the United States. , the city has the headquarters of five corporations in the U.S. Fortune 500: Nationwide Mutual Insurance Company, American Electric Power, L Brands, Big Lots, and Cardinal Health. The food service corporations Wendy's, Donatos Pizza, Bob Evans, Max & Erma's and White Castle and the nationally known companies Red Roof Inn, Rogue Fitness, and Safelite are also based in the metropolitan area.
The term Muslim world, also known as Islamic world and the Ummah (Arabic: أمة‎, meaning "nation" or "community") has different meanings. In a religious sense, the Islamic Ummah refers to those who adhere to the teachings of Islam, referred to as Muslims. In a cultural sense, the Muslim Ummah refers to Islamic civilization, exclusive of non-Muslims living in that civilization. In a modern geopolitical sense, the term "Islamic Nation" usually refers collectively to Muslim-majority countries, states, districts, or towns.   The Islamic Golden Age coincided with the Middle Ages in the Muslim world, starting with the rise of Islam and establishment of the first Islamic state in 622. The end of the age is variously given as 1258 with the Mongolian Sack of Baghdad, or 1492 with the completion of the Christian Reconquista of the Emirate of Granada in Al-Andalus, Iberian Peninsula. During the reign of the Abbasid caliph Harun ar-Rashid (786 to 809), the legendary House of Wisdom was inaugurated in Baghdad where scholars from various parts of the world sought to translate and gather all the known world's knowledge into Arabic. The Abbasids were influenced by the Quranic injunctions and hadiths, such as "the ink of a scholar is more holy than the blood of a martyr," that stressed the value of knowledge. The major Islamic capital cities of Baghdad, Cairo, and Córdoba became the main intellectual centers for science, philosophy, medicine, and education. During this period, the Muslim world was a collection of cultures; they drew together and advanced the knowledge gained from the ancient Greek, Roman, Persian, Chinese, Indian, Egyptian, and Phoenician civilizations.
To some, it's a dream job---eating delicious meals for free and then writing about them. But _   Karen Fernau, a food writer for The Arisona Republic, said when she first started her job -she began to gain weight. "I always looked forward to lunch before this job, then all of a sudden lunch was all day every day. " she says. Nine years later, keeping her weight steady and her health intact is a daily battle. If she knows she will be going to a tasting at a bakery or eating a four-course meal, she usually eats fruits or salads throughout the day. Now she is always keeping track of what's in the food she eats and she says most people don't even look at or consider it. At one tasting task alone, she says, upward of l,000 calories is often added to her day. That's about half of the recommended total calories per day for the average adult.   But even though she's thought of a special eating method, Fernau says sticking to it is a daily battle. And food editors, writers and critics across the country couldn't agree more. "When I'm at home or not eating for work, it's healthy food to the extreme," says Phil Vettel, who's been a restaurant critic for the Chicago Tribune for 19 years.   Vettle, who eats dinner at four restaurants each week, says unlike most professions, he has no right to choose. "If I'm going out to eat, I can't choose the healthiest thing on the menu, I have to eat when they're bringing me. " While Vettel exercises when he can, Joe Yonan, a food editor at The Washington Post, has strengthened his exercise habits since he started the job two years ago. Yonan says he realized early on that he was gaining weight and immediately hired a personal trainer to meet with three times a week, on top of his body training three to five times a week.   Still, it's a struggle that many Americans might envy. After all, it's one thing to get your calories from lobster tails or a delicate chocolate cookie and quite another to get them from sodas and fast-food burgers.
The Toronto Star is a Canadian broadsheet daily newspaper. It is Canada's highest-circulation newspaper on overall weekly circulation; although it is a close second to "The Globe and Mail" in daily circulation on weekdays and Saturdays, it overtakes the "Globe" in weekly circulation because it publishes a Sunday edition while the "Globe" does not. It is owned by Toronto Star Newspapers Ltd., a division of Star Media Group, a subsidiary of Torstar Corporation.   The "Star" (originally known as the "Evening Star" and then the "Toronto Daily Star") was created in 1892 by striking "Toronto News" printers and writers, led by future Mayor of Toronto and social reformer Horatio Clarence Hocken, who became the newspaper's founder, along with another future mayor, Jimmy Simpson.   "The Star" was first printed on "Toronto World" presses, and at its formation "The World" owned a 51% interest in it as a . That arrangement only lasted for two months, during which time it was rumoured that William Findlay "Billy" Maclean, the "World"'s proprietor, was considering selling the "Star" to the Riordon family. After an extensive fundraising campaign among the "Star" staff, Maclean agreed to sell his interest to Hocken.   The paper did poorly in its first few years. Hocken sold out within the year, and several owners followed in succession until Sir William Mackenzie bought it in 1896. Its new editors, Edmund E. Sheppard and Frederic Thomas Nicholls, moved the entire "Star" operation into the same building used by the magazine "Saturday Night". This would continue until Joseph E. "Holy Joe" Atkinson, backed by funds raised by supporters of Sir Wilfrid Laurier, bought the paper. The supporters included Senator George Cox, William Mulock, Peter Charles Larkin and Timothy Eaton.
A Swedish SWAT team backed by local police arrested four people overnight on suspicion of plotting terror attacks, the Swedish Security Service told CNN Sunday.   The four were held in the city of Gothenburg for "probable cause" of preparing the attacks, the highest level of suspicion in Sweden, said Sara Kvarnstrom, a spokeswoman for the security force.   She refused to say whether the suspects had been under surveillance or if the arrests resulted from a tip-off, saying she could not discussed details on an ongoing investigation.   "Through these arrests we have been able to prevent a situation from occurring," Malena Rembe, head analyst at the Swedish Security Service, told CNN affiliate TV4.   Sweden is not raising its terror threat level -- which is currently at 3, with 5 as the highest -- and there is "no reason for the public to be alarmed," she said.   "These arrests have not changed this threat level," Kvarnstrom added.   An art gallery in central Gothenburg was evacuated shortly before midnight local time, police said, but declined to say whether it was connected to the arrests.   A party was going on at the Roda Sten gallery at the time, with about 500 people attending the inauguration of an arts festival, according an interview with a witness in Goteborgs Posten, a local newspaper.   The police cordon was removed at 6 a.m. local time, said Ulf Edberg, a spokesman for Gothenburg police.   Police have a "number of extra police officers" on the streets of Gothenburg, Edberg said. 
The Union Army or Federal Army was the land force that fought for the Union during the American Civil War, 1861 to 1865. It included the permanent regular army of the United States, which was augmented by massive numbers of temporary units consisting of volunteers as well as conscripts. The Union Army fought and defeated the Confederate Army during the war. At least two and a half million men served in the Union Army; almost all were volunteers. About 360,000 Union soldiers died from all causes; 280,000 were wounded and 200,000 deserted.   When the American Civil War began in April 1861, there were only 16,000 men in the U.S. Army, and of these many Southern officers resigned and joined the Confederate army. The U.S. Army consisted of ten regiments of infantry, four of artillery, two of cavalry, two of dragoons, and three of mounted infantry. The regiments were scattered widely. Of the 197 companies in the army, 179 occupied 79 isolated posts in the West, and the remaining 18 manned garrisons east of the Mississippi River, mostly along the Canada–United States border and on the Atlantic coast.   With the Southern slave states declaring secession from the Union, and with this drastic shortage of men in the army, President Abraham Lincoln called on the states to raise a force of 75,000 men for three months to put down the insurrection. Lincoln's call forced the border states to choose sides, and four seceded, making the Confederacy eleven states strong. The war proved to be longer and more extensive than anyone North or South had expected, and on July 22, 1861, Congress authorized a volunteer army of 500,000 men.
Pope Saint John XXIII (Latin: Ioannes XXIII; Italian: Giovanni XXIII) born Angelo Giuseppe Roncalli,[a] Italian pronunciation: [ˈandʒelo dʒuˈzɛppe roŋˈkalli]; 25 November 1881 – 3 June 1963) reigned as Pope from 28 October 1958 to his death in 1963 and was canonized on 27 April 2014. Angelo Giuseppe Roncalli was the fourth of fourteen children born to a family of sharecroppers who lived in a village in Lombardy. He was ordained to the priesthood on 10 August 1904 and served in a number of posts, including papal nuncio in France and a delegate to Bulgaria, Greece and Turkey. In a consistory on 12 January 1953 Pope Pius XII made Roncalli a cardinal as the Cardinal-Priest of Santa Prisca in addition to naming him as the Patriarch of Venice.   Roncalli was elected pope on 28 October 1958 at age 76 after 11 ballots. His selection was unexpected, and Roncalli himself had come to Rome with a return train ticket to Venice. He was the first pope to take the pontifical name of "John" upon election in more than 500 years, and his choice settled the complicated question of official numbering attached to this papal name due to the antipope of this name. Pope John XXIII surprised those who expected him to be a caretaker pope by calling the historic Second Vatican Council (1962–65), the first session opening on 11 October 1962. His passionate views on equality were summed up in his famous statement, "We were all made in God's image, and thus, we are all Godly alike." John XXIII made many passionate speeches during his pontificate, one of which was on the day that he opened the Second Vatican Council in the middle of the night to the crowd gathered in St. Peter's Square: "Dear children, returning home, you will find children: give your children a hug and say: This is a hug from the Pope!"
Novak Djokovic wasted little time in breezing through to the second round of the French Open with a straight sets victory over Dutchman Thiemo De Bakker in Paris Monday.   The victory extends Djokovic's remarkable winning streak since the start of the year to 38, four short of the record held by John McEnroe from 1984.   Djokovic's overall winning run, taking in the end of last season, extends to 40 and if he claims the French Open title he will tie Guillermo Villas for the all-time record of 46.   The Serbian took just one hour 32 minutes to claim a 6-2 6-1 6-3 victory on the Philipe Chartrier court at Roland Garros, breaking his young opponent at will with another commanding display.   Djokovic will face either French wild card Benoit Paire or Romania's Victor Hanescu for a place in the last 32.   "It's my favorite grand slam, even though I haven't won it yet," Djokovic told gathered reporters.   "I've been playing really well on clay. I've won three tournaments (on clay) in the last few weeks, so I'm trying to build on that confidence," he added.   Djokovic won the opening grand slam of the season in Australia and has claimed six other titles, including four Masters events.   Roger Federer joined Djokovic in the second round after he dispatched Spaniard Feliciano Lopez with a 6-3 6-4 7-6 victory in the next match on the main court.   A single break of service in each of the first two sets put the Swiss maestro in command and he closed out the deciding tiebreaker 7-3 to progress. 
Registered dietitian nutritionists (RDs or RDNs) are health professionals qualified to provide safe, evidence-based dietary advice which includes a review of what is eaten, a thorough review of nutritional health, and a personalized nutritional treatment plan. They also provide preventive and therapeutic programs at work places, schools and similar institutions. Certified Clinical Nutritionists or CCNs, are trained health professionals who also offer dietary advice on the role of nutrition in chronic disease, including possible prevention or remediation by addressing nutritional deficiencies before resorting to drugs. Government regulation especially in terms of licensing, is currently less universal for the CCN than that of RD or RDN. Another advanced Nutrition Professional is a Certified Nutrition Specialist or CNS. These Board Certified Nutritionists typically specialize in obesity and chronic disease. In order to become board certified, potential CNS candidate must pass an examination, much like Registered Dieticians. This exam covers specific domains within the health sphere including; Clinical Intervention and Human Health.
Papua New Guinea (PNG; , ; ; Hiri Motu: "Papua Niu Gini"), officially the Independent State of Papua New Guinea, is an Oceanian country that occupies the eastern half of the island of New Guinea and its offshore islands in Melanesia, a region of the southwestern Pacific Ocean north of Australia. Its capital, located along its southeastern coast, is Port Moresby. The western half of New Guinea forms the Indonesian provinces of Papua and West Papua.   At the national level, after being ruled by three external powers since 1884, Papua New Guinea established its sovereignty in 1975. This followed nearly 60 years of Australian administration, which started during World War I. It became an independent Commonwealth realm in 1975 with Queen Elizabeth II as its head of state and became a member of the Commonwealth of Nations in its own right.   Papua New Guinea is one of the most culturally diverse countries in the world. There are 852 known languages in the country, of which 12 now have no known living speakers. Most of the population of more than 7 million people live in customary communities, which are as diverse as the languages. It is also one of the most rural, as only 18 percent of its people live in urban centres. The country is one of the world's least explored, culturally and geographically. It is known to have numerous groups of uncontacted peoples, and researchers believe there are many undiscovered species of plants and animals in the interior.
Buffalo () is a city in and the seat of Erie County in Western New York. Located in the U.S. state of New York on the eastern shore of Lake Erie at the head of the Niagara River. , Buffalo is the state's second most populous city after the city it is named for, with 256,902 residents. The metropolitan area has a population of 1.13 million, while the larger, cross-border Buffalo Niagara Region includes 8 U.S. counties and 2 Canadian municipalities and has a population of 2,493,869.   Buffalo grew significantly in the 19th and 20th centuries as a result of the Erie Canal, railroads and Lake Erie, providing an abundance of fresh water and an ample trade route to the midwestern United States, while grooming its economy for the grain, steel and automobile industries during the 20th century. After an economic downturn in the latter half of the 20th century, Buffalo's economy has transitioned to sectors that include financial services, technology, biomedical engineering and education.   Buffalo is known as "The Queen City", "The Nickel City" and "The City of Good Neighbors". Its residents are called Buffalonians.   The city of Buffalo received its name from a nearby creek called Buffalo Creek. British military engineer Captain John Montresor made reference to 'Buffalo Creek' in his journal of 1764, which may be the earliest recorded appearance of the name. There are several theories regarding how Buffalo Creek received its name. While it is possible that Buffalo Creek's name originated from French fur traders and Native Americans calling the creek "Beau Fleuve" (French for "Beautiful River"), it is also possible Buffalo Creek was named for the American buffalo, whose historical range may have extended into western New York.
Occitan, also known as lenga d'òc by its native speakers, is a Romance language. It is spoken in southern France, Italy's Occitan Valleys, Monaco, and Spain's Val d'Aran; collectively, these regions are sometimes referred to as Occitania. Occitan is also spoken in the linguistic enclave of Guardia Piemontese (Calabria, Italy). However, there is controversy about the unity of the language, as some think that Occitan is a macrolanguage. Others include Catalan in this family, as the distance between this language and some Occitan dialects (such as the Gascon language) is similar to the distance among different Occitan dialects. In fact, Catalan was considered an Occitan dialect until the end of the 19th century.   Today, Occitan is an official language in Catalonia, where a subdialect of Gascon known as Aranese is spoken in the Val d'Aran. Occitan's closest relative is Catalan. Since September 2010, the Parliament of Catalonia has considered Aranese Occitan to be the officially preferred language for use in the Val d'Aran.   Across history, the terms Limousin ("Lemosin"), Languedocien ("Lengadocian"), Gascon, and later Provençal ("Provençal", "Provençau" or "Prouvençau") have been used as synonyms for the whole of Occitan; nowadays, "Provençal" is understood mainly as the Occitan dialect spoken in Provence.
English Premier League side Liverpool were beaten by two penalties in Lisbon as Benfica came from behind to grasp the advantage in their Europa League quarterfinal.   The Portuguese club suffered a nightmare start when Daniel Agger put the visitors in front after just nine minutes with a neat back heel from Steven Gerrard's free kick.   But just after the half hour mark Liverpool were reduced to ten men when Ryan Babel clashed with defender Luisao after he had fouled Spanish striker Fernando Torres.   Babel appeared to put his hands in Luisao's face and the referee produced a red card.   It took Benfica less than 30 minutes to press home their advantage when Liverpool defender Emiliano Insua brought down Pablo Aimar inside the box and conceded a penalty.   Oscar Cardozo converted the spot kick and was given the chance to put his side into the lead when the referee adjudged Jamie Carragher had handled in the area on 79 minutes. Again Cardozo made no mistake from the spot.   The return leg is at Anfield next Thursday.   Fulham vanquished seasoned European opponents again as they defeated German champions Wolfsburg 2-1 at Craven Cottage.   Striker Bobby Zamora gave the English side the lead on 59 minutes with a precise curling shot from the edge of the area.   Irish winger Damien Duff made it 2-0 just four minutes later as he converted Zamora's pass.   But in the final minute Wolfsburg scored a vital away goal as Alexander Madlung emphatically headed home Zvjezdan Misimovic's cross. 
A local area network (LAN) is a computer network that interconnects computers within a limited area such as a residence, school, laboratory, university campus or office building. By contrast, a wide area network (WAN) not only covers a larger geographic distance, but also generally involves leased telecommunication circuits or Internet links. An even greater contrast is the Internet, which is a system of globally connected business and personal computers.   Ethernet and Wi-Fi are the two most common technologies in use for local area networks. Historical technologies include ARCNET, Token ring, and AppleTalk.   The increasing demand and use of computers in universities and research labs in the late 1960s generated the need to provide high-speed interconnections between computer systems. A 1970 report from the Lawrence Radiation Laboratory detailing the growth of their "Octopus" network gave a good indication of the situation.   A number of experimental and early commercial LAN technologies were developed in the 1970s. Cambridge Ring was developed at Cambridge University starting in 1974. Ethernet was developed at Xerox PARC in 1973–1975, and filed as . In 1976, after the system was deployed at PARC, Robert Metcalfe and David Boggs published a seminal paper, "Ethernet: Distributed Packet-Switching for Local Computer Networks". ARCNET was developed by Datapoint Corporation in 1976 and announced in 1977. It had the first commercial installation in December 1977 at Chase Manhattan Bank in New York.
A Boston grand jury has subpoenaed two more men to testify Thursday in its ongoing investigation into whether former New England Patriot Aaron Hernandez is connected to an unsolved double homicide in Boston last year.   Alexander Bradley and John Alcorn Jr. were ordered to answer the questions of a grand jury investigating the fatal drive-by shooting of Daniel Abreu, 29, and Safiro Furtado, 28, outside a Boston nightclub in July 2012.   Bradley, however, failed to appear before Superior Court Judge Joan Alexander in Hartford, Connecticut, on Tuesday to respond to the subpoena, and the judge issued an arrest warrant for him, according to court officials.   Hernandez pleads not guilty   Bradley's New York-based attorney, David Jaroslawicz, told CNN he wasn't aware of the warrant or the subpoena and declined to say whether he has talked with his client about the grand jury matter.   Bradley filed a civil suit against Hernandez in federal court, saying the former football player shot him in the face, causing Bradley to lose sight in one eye, after the men visited a strip club in Miami earlier this year, according to the lawsuit.   In July, Bradley testified before a separate grand jury in Fall River, Massachusetts, that later indicted Hernandez on a charge of murder in the death of a friend, Odin Lloyd, June 17.   Hernandez pleaded not guilty last week to that charge and weapons counts.   Alcorn, 21, from Hernandez's hometown of Bristol, Connecticut, became involved in the investigation last month, when a friend of his, Jailene Diaz, told police a gun found in her car after a crash may have belonged to Alcorn and his friends, according to police documents obtained by CNN. 
Playing a football player won Cuba Gooding Jr. an Oscar. Could playing another -- one who was the focus of "the trial of the century" -- win him further accolades?   The actor has been cast as O.J. Simpson in the new FX anthology miniseries "American Crime Story: The People v. O.J. Simpson," the network announced. Gooding won the Academy Award for best actor in a supporting role in 1996 for his performance as wide receiver Rod Tidwell in the film "Jerry Maguire."   The new miniseries will focus on the famous trial and according to a statement is "told from the perspective of the lawyers that explores the chaotic behind-the-scenes dealings and maneuvering on both sides of the court, and how a combination of prosecution confidence, defense wiliness, and the LAPD's history with the city's African-American community gave a jury what it needed: reasonable doubt."   The miniseries was developed by Ryan Murphy, who created the very successful "American Horror Story" anthology franchise for FX. Murphy didn't have to look far for his Marcia Clarke; the prosecuting attorney will be played by Sarah Paulson, who has appeared in all four seasons of "American Horror Story."   Each season of "American Crime Story" will delve into a different true crime story that made headlines and captivated the public. The first season is based on the book "The Run of His Life: The People v. O.J. Simpson" by CNN legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin.   Production is scheduled to begin early next year in Los Angeles.   
A caliphate ( "khilāfa") is a territory under the leadership of an Islamic steward known as a caliph, a person considered a religious successor to the Islamic prophet Muhammad (Muhammad ibn ʿAbdullāh) and a leader of the entire Muslim community. Historically, the caliphates were polities based in Islam which developed into multi-ethnic trans-national empires. During the medieval period, three major caliphates existed: the Rashidun Caliphate (632–661), the Umayyad Caliphate (661–750) and the Abbasid Caliphate (750–1258). The fourth major caliphate, the Ottoman Caliphate, established by the Ottoman Empire in 1517, was a manifestation whereby the Ottoman rulers claimed caliphal authority. During the history of Islam, several other Muslim states, almost all of them hereditary monarchies, have claimed to be caliphates.   Prior to the rise of Muhammad and the unification of the Arab tribes of the Arabian Peninsula under Islam, the tribes of Arabia followed a pre-Islamic Arab polytheism, lived as self-governing sedentary and nomadic communities and often raided their neighbouring tribes. Following the conquests under Muhammad of the Arabian Peninsula, the region became unified and most of the tribes adopted Islam. The first caliphate, the Rashidun Caliphate, was established immediately after Muhammad's death in 632. The four Rashidun caliphs, who directly succeeded Muhammad as leaders of the Muslim community, were chosen through "shura, "a process of community consultation that some consider to be an early form of Islamic democracy. The fourth caliph, Ali, who, unlike the prior three, was from the same clan as Muhammad (Banu Hashim), is considered by Shia Muslims to be the first rightful caliph and Imam after Muhammad. Ali reigned during the First Fitna (656–661), a civil war between supporters of Ali and supporters of the assassinated previous caliph, Uthman, from Banu Umayya, as well as rebels in Egypt; the war led to the establishment of the Umayyad Caliphate under Muawiyah I in 661.
I loved my aunt Suzy. She was such a kind old lady. I loved going to her house on holiday. She had been sick for the last few years and, though my job had taken me away across the town, I tried to visit her as much as possible. I helped with the shopping, the cooking and the cleaning and taking her pet cat Mazy to the vet.   Sad as her passing away was, what happened to Mazy was even more worrying. Because aunt Suzy had no children, there wasn't anyone who seemed to care for her beloved cat friend. I would have taken her in a short time, but my apartment doesn't allow pets. First, we talked with her neighbors. Mr. Jenkins, who was alone and lived across the street, wasn't interested. Joe and Sally who lived next door had a small child with serious skin allergies . My aunt's best friend Molly who had lived just down the road was unable to take care of herself as she had serious health problems.   Second, we thought about our family members. My brother Bobby and his wife Jill were _ at once as they aren't cat people. My cousin in California was a bit interested, but we weren't sure about the trip as Mazy was nearly as old as my aunt (in cat years!). Finally, we came to the local humane society to see whether they would be able to help her find a new home. The problem was that most people and families only welcomed a smart little cat into their home, not a dull old one.   In the end, we had to put Mazy to sleep. I had spoken with the vet and realized it was possible for the best. It was so hard to lose aunt Suzy and then have nowhere for Mazy to live. A few months went by and I had gone to my aunt's house to clear out some of her belongings. I happened to see her mailman. Jerry and we started to talk about my aunt when he asked about Mazy. I told him that we had to put Mazy to sleep because we couldn't find a home for her. Jerry got really quiet. "I promised Suzy that if anything ever happened to her, I'd take care of Mazy", he said sadly. "Suzy always said she'd told her lawyer the arrangement."   Hearing this, my heart sank to my feet and I almost cried. The saddest part, I realized, was this all could have been avoided. I guess we were just so busy in those final months that we didn't think about it. We could have called my aunt's lawyer to take care of it in less than 10 minutes. I'll never forgive myself for not thinking of it sooner. And I'll never forgive myself for losing Mazy.
Since 1989, Dave Thomas , who died at age 69 ,was one of the most recognizable faces on TV . He appeared in more than 800 commercials for the hamburger chain named for his daughter ,"As long as it works ," he said in 1991 , "I'll continue to do those commercials ."   Even though he was successful, Thomas remained troubled by his childhood. "He still won't let anyone see his feet ,which are out of shape because he never had proper-fitting shoes ," Wendy said in 1993. Born to a single mother , he was adopted as a baby by Rex and Auleva Thomas of Kalamazoo in Michigan . After Auleva died when he was 5, Thomas spent years on the road as Rex traveled around seeking construction work ."He fed me ,"Thomas said ,"and if I got out of line , he'd beat me ."   Moving out on his own at 15 ,Thomas worked , first as a waiter ,in many restaurants .But he had something much better in mind ."I thought if I owned a restaurant ,"he said ,"I could eat for free." A 1956 meeting with Harland Sanders led Thomas to a career as the manager of a Kentucky Fried Chicken restaurant that made him a millionaire in 1968.   In 1969, after breaking with Sanders, Thomas started the first Wendy's Old Fashioned Hamburgers , in Columbus ,Ohio ,which set itself apart by serving made-to -order burgers .With 6,000 restaurants worldwide ,the chair now makes $ 6 billion a year in sales .   Although troubled by his own experience with adoption ,Thomas , married since 1954 to Lorraine ,66 ,and with four grown kids besides Wendy ,felt it could offer a future for other children . He started the Dave Thomas Foundation for Adoption in 1992.   In 1993, Thomas ,who had left school at 15, graduated from Coconut Greek High School in Florida . He even took Lorraine to the graduation dance party .The kids voted him Most Likely to Succeed .   "The Dave you saw on TV was the real Dave," says friends Pat Williams ."He wasn't a great actor or a great speaker. _ "
The University of Michigan (U-M, UM, UMich, or U of M), frequently referred to simply as Michigan, is a public research university in Ann Arbor, Michigan, United States. Founded in 1817 in Detroit as the "Catholepistemiad", or University of Michigania, 20 years before the Michigan Territory became a state, the University of Michigan is the state's oldest university. In 1821, the university was officially renamed the University of Michigan. It moved to Ann Arbor in 1837 onto of what is now known as Central Campus. Since its establishment in Ann Arbor, the university campus has expanded to include more than 584 major buildings with a combined area of more than spread out over a Central Campus and North Campus, two regional campuses in Flint and Dearborn, and a Center in Detroit. The University was a founding member of the Association of American Universities.   Considered one of the foremost research universities in the United States, Michigan is classified as a "Doctoral University with Very High Research" by the Carnegie Foundation. Its comprehensive graduate program offers doctoral degrees in the humanities, social sciences, and STEM fields (Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics) as well as professional degrees in architecture, business, medicine, law, pharmacy, nursing, social work, public health, and dentistry. Michigan's body of living alumni comprises more than 540,000 people, one of the largest alumni bases of any university in the world.
Billy Ray Cyrus may be a country boy at heart, but he is also pretty savvy when it comes to navigating Hollywood.   Billy Ray Cyrus has a full plate with acting, touring, composing and being a dad.   When others wrote him off as a novelty act after the 1992 hit "Achy Breaky Heart," Cyrus kept making music and eventually turned to acting.   It was a decision he said came after some well-timed fatherly advice.   "In the mid-'90s, my dad said to me 'Son, you've got all of your eggs in one basket and you are living and dying by music,' " Cyrus recalled. "He said 'I want you to have a career like Kenny Rogers.' "   Cyrus said his dad suggested he branch out into acting. Cyrus eventually auditioned for and won a role in what appeared to be an unlikely vehicle -- David Lynch's 2001 film "Mulholland Drive."   After Lynch, known for such works as "Blue Velvet" and "Twin Peaks," suggested that Cyrus should continue to pursue the craft, he went on to star in the television drama "Doc," which also helped spur the career of Cyrus' greatest production -- "Hannah Montana" star, and Cyrus' daughter, Miley Cyrus.   Now, with the release of "Hannah Montana: The Movie" on Blu-ray and DVD, a music tour and an upcoming role in a film featuring comedian George Lopez and martial arts expert Jackie Chan, Cyrus is staying busy.   He recently took some time out of his hectic schedule to talk to CNN about how he keeps it all together, how he manages raising a family full of performers (son Trace is a member of the band Metro Station, daughter Brandi performs with the band Frank and Derol and also acts, as do younger children Braison and Noah) and what makes him a good fit for Hollywood. 
One morning, Elena woke up, much like she did every day. She threw the covers on the floor and rolled out of bed, yawning hugely. She walked to the window and said, "Hello there, Mr. tree!" at the big tree in the yard. It waved its branches back at her. She walked over to her fish bowl next. "Hello there, Mr. Fish!" But wait. Where was Mr. Fish? The bowl was empty--oh, the rocks and water and tiny castle were all there alright, but the pretty blue fish with the long shiny tail was nowhere to be seen. Elena was very worried. She liked Mr. Fish very much. She looked all around her desk, but here wasn't there. Then she looked on the floor behind the desk--and there he was! He was covered in dust bunnies and not moving. Elena picked him up and put him back in the bowl. And what do you know? He shook himself off and started swimming around again!
Inter Milan spurned the chance to close the gap on Italian league leaders Juventus after they had to rely on a late own goal to salvage a point at home to Cagliari.   Andrea Stramaccioni's side could have pulled to within three points of the Serie A champions had they beaten Cagliari but despite taking the lead they were thankful to Davide Astori for putting through his own net with eight minutes remaining.   Rodrigo Palacio had given Inter the lead after just ten minutes when he nodded home a cross from Antonio Cassano.   But just before halftime Italian striker Marco Sau grabbed the first of his two goals when he fired Andrea Cossu's cross into the bottom corner.   Inter's Argentinean forward Diego Miltio squandered a glorious chance to restore Inter's lead when he hit Yuto Nagatomo's pass over the bar from six yards with the goal gaping.   It was to prove a costly miss as Sau got his second on 66 minutes, turning home the loose ball after Mauricio Pinilla's overhead kick cannoned back off the upright.   But Cagliari couldn't hold on for their first league win at the San Siro since 1995 as Astori fired into his own net when attempting to clear a cross.   Stramaccioni was sent to the stands for his complaints after the referee turned down a penalty appeal as Andrea Ranocchia was fouled but despite intense pressure in the closing minutes Inter couldn't find a winner.   Elsewhere, two goals from Alberto Aquilani helped Fiorentina to a 4-1 victory over Atalanta as they moved into third while Udinese and Parma drew 2-2. 
For more than 40 years, scientists have sought to learn how well human beings can adapt to long periods in space. The International Space Station continues to provide valuable knowledge about spaceflight. But an earlier space station, Skylab, helped make the current space project possible.   Canadian astronaut Chris Hadfield sang aboard the International Space Station on May 12, 2013. His music video has become extremely popular. The astronaut played his own version of David Bowie's song Space Oddity. He performed while floating weightlessly, with images of planet earth and space appearing in the window behind him.   Chris Hadfield recently returned home after nearly five months on the space station. For him, the long flight produced a hit video on YouTube and no major physical problems. But 40 years ago, scientists did not know how humans would react to long-term spaceflight. To find out, NASA, the American space agency, launched Skylab in May, 1973. Over nearly a year, three teams of astronauts visited Skylab for stays of between 28 to 84 days. They learned how people react to extended periods in space.   Gerald Carr commanded Skylab 4. He spoke at a NASA event marking the 40th anniversary of Skylab's launch. He said that the loss of the body's muscle mass was a main concern. Astronauts on Skylab used exercise equipment to stay strong. The astronauts spent their workdays carrying out experiments, including biomedical research.   Marshall Porterfield is the director of NASA's Space Life and Physical Sciences Division. He says the Skylab astronauts' understanding of their own ability to deal with long-term spaceflight continues to help current astronauts. NASA says the next step for life away from Earth is a year-long space station mission, set for 2015.
Ask any student to say one thing they know about Charles Dickens, and it is very likely they will say Oliver Twist. His classic tale of a poor orphan boy strikes at the heart of all those who have ever wanted "more", as Oliver did.   And now, Dickens' classic scenes of the lives of the Victorian British poor will appear in a big screen movie, "Oliver Twist," an adaptation of his classic tale directed by Roman Polanski.   The new film is not meant for younger viewers, and is meant for children over 13. For those old enough to enjoy it, however, the film shows just how long people have been enjoying Dickens' remarkable literature. His short stories and essays began appearing in magazines in 1833. "Oliver Twist" was published in 1837 - more than 165 years ago.   "Oliver Twist" tells the story of an orphan forced to live in a workhouse headed by the awful Mr Bumble, who cheats the boys who work there out of their already low pay. Oliver decides to escape to the streets of London, where he meets a thief called Fagin, played by Sir Ben Kingsley, who leads him into a world of crime. Several of Dickens' books have been made into films and television series, including 2002's "Nicholas Nickleby" and 2000's "David Copperfield." And several versions of "A Christmas Carol" have entertained audiences for years.   In his novels, Dickens wrote about several important issues. He talked about the Poor Law Amendment Act of 1824 in "Oliver Twist"; the French Revolution in "A Tale of Two Cities"; and helping the poor in "Hard Times." One of Dickens' best-known books is the first Christmas book he wrote - "A Christmas Carol" (1843), about a mean man.   We thought this would be a good time to take a look at the man behind the words and see what kind of experiences helped shape and affect one of the best -- known writers of all time.
Jean is a bright young woman from a rich and famous family. She goes to a good university and has almost everything that money can buy. But the people in Jean's family are so busy that they can hardly find time to be with her. In fact, Jean is quite lonely. So Jean spends a lot of her time on QQ. She likes being anonymous talking to people who do not know about her famous family and her rich life. She uses the name Linda on QQ and made a lot of friends. Last year Jean made a very special friend on QQ. His name was David and he lived in San Francisco. David was full of stories and jokes. He and Jean had the same interests in rock music and modern dance. So it always took them many hours to talk happily on QQ and sometimes they even forgot the time. Of course, they wanted to know more about each other. David sent a picture of himself: he was a tall, good-looking young man with big, happy smile. As time went by, they became good friends and often sent cards and small things to each other. When Jean's father told her that he was going on a business trip to San Francisco, she asked him to let her go with him, so that she could give David a surprise for his birthday. She would take him the latest DVD of the rock singer they liked most. But when Jean knocked in David's door in San Francisco, she found that the special friend she had written to was a twelve-year-old boy named Jim!
Throughout its prehistory and early history, the region and its vicinity in the Yangtze region was the cradle of unique local civilizations which can be dated back to at least the 15th century BC and coinciding with the later years of the Shang and Zhou dynasties in North China. Sichuan was referred to in ancient Chinese sources as Ba-Shu (巴蜀), an abbreviation of the kingdoms of Ba and Shu which existed within the Sichuan Basin. Ba included Chongqing and the land in eastern Sichuan along the Yangtze and some tributary streams, while Shu included today's Chengdu, its surrounding plain and adjacent territories in western Sichuan.   The existence of the early state of Shu was poorly recorded in the main historical records of China. It was, however, referred to in the Book of Documents as an ally of the Zhou. Accounts of Shu exist mainly as a mixture of mythological stories and historical legends recorded in local annals such as the Chronicles of Huayang compiled in the Jin dynasty (265–420), with folk stories such as that of Emperor Duyu (杜宇) who taught the people agriculture and transformed himself into a cuckoo after his death. The existence of a highly developed civilization with an independent bronze industry in Sichuan eventually came to light with an archaeological discovery in 1986 at a small village named Sanxingdui in Guanghan, Sichuan. This site, believed to be an ancient city of Shu, was initially discovered by a local farmer in 1929 who found jade and stone artefacts. Excavations by archaeologists in the area yielded few significant finds until 1986 when two major sacrificial pits were found with spectacular bronze items as well as artefacts in jade, gold, earthenware, and stone. This and other discoveries in Sichuan contest the conventional historiography that the local culture and technology of Sichuan were undeveloped in comparison to the technologically and culturally "advanced" Yellow River valley of north-central China. The name Shu continues to be used to refer to Sichuan in subsequent periods in Chinese history up to the present day.
The ultimate substantive legacy of Principia Mathematica is mixed. It is generally accepted that Kurt Gödel's incompleteness theorem of 1931 definitively demonstrated that for any set of axioms and inference rules proposed to encapsulate mathematics, there would in fact be some truths of mathematics which could not be deduced from them, and hence that Principia Mathematica could never achieve its aims. However, Gödel could not have come to this conclusion without Whitehead and Russell's book. In this way, Principia Mathematica's legacy might be described as its key role in disproving the possibility of achieving its own stated goals. But beyond this somewhat ironic legacy, the book popularized modern mathematical logic and drew important connections between logic, epistemology, and metaphysics.   Whitehead's most complete work on education is the 1929 book The Aims of Education and Other Essays, which collected numerous essays and addresses by Whitehead on the subject published between 1912 and 1927. The essay from which Aims of Education derived its name was delivered as an address in 1916 when Whitehead was president of the London Branch of the Mathematical Association. In it, he cautioned against the teaching of what he called "inert ideas" – ideas that are disconnected scraps of information, with no application to real life or culture. He opined that "education with inert ideas is not only useless: it is, above all things, harmful."
The historical documentary, Mr. Deng Goes to Washington, which was first shown in the capital on May 12, not only reveals the details of an attempted assassination of Deng, but is also the first time that animated images of China's leaders have appeared on the silver screen. The film tells the story of Deng's nine-day visit to the US in 1979, only a month after China established diplomatic relations with the US for the first time after the founding of the People's Republic of China in 1949.   Lv Muzi, the film's producer, said the film includes 12 animated sequences of Deng, drawn in French, American and Japanese styles, as well as China's traditional shadow puppetry style.   Hu Yuchen, who has drawn cartoons for leaders including former premier, Wen Jiabao, is the artist behind the animated images of Deng. Among the three versions of images he drew, director, Fu Hongxing, chose to use the version which was moderately realistic.   "Deng's animated images are not static in the film. When he's at meetings, the images are more serious, and when he's at a party, he's _ in a more lively way," said Zhu.   For the young animator, animation can tell the story of that period of history better to younger viewers. "At first glance, animation may seem simple, but in reality, we need to do a large amount of homework, like checking what dishes were served at a dinner or what paintings were displayed in a particular room." Zhu said he and the team went through a lot of historical documents and reviewed video clips in the process of creation.   Fu said the film is in honor of Deng's contribution to China as well as his influence on generations of Chinese people. Production was completed last year, which marked the l10th anniversary of Deng's birth and also the 35thanniversary of Sino-US diplomatic relations.
Norfolk () is a county in East Anglia in England. It borders Lincolnshire to the west and north-west, Cambridgeshire to the west and southwest, and Suffolk to the south. Its northern and eastern boundaries are the North Sea and, to the north-west, The Wash. The county town is Norwich. With an area of and a population of 859,400, Norfolk is a largely rural county with a population density of 401 per square mile (155 per km²). Of the county's population, 40% live in four major built up areas: Norwich (213,000), Great Yarmouth (63,000), King's Lynn (46,000) and Thetford (25,000).   The Broads is a network of rivers and lakes in the east of the county, extending south into Suffolk. The area is not a National Park although it is marketed as such. It has similar status to a national park, and is protected by the Broads Authority.   Norfolk was settled in pre-Roman times, with camps along the higher land in the west, where flints could be quarried. A Brythonic tribe, the Iceni, inhabited the county from the 1st century BC to the end of the 1st century AD. The Iceni revolted against the Roman invasion in AD 47, and again in 60 led by Boudica. The crushing of the second rebellion opened the county to the Romans. During the Roman era roads and ports were constructed throughout the county and farming was widespread.
I'm 14, a year younger than most of my classmates. A week ago one of my classmates, Nitin, asked me for help with math homework. We ended up talking about computers and file-sharing . As we talked I found that he was more experienced and could teach me about file-sharing and networking. We went to his room and watched a movie about robots that he'd downloaded. The math homework was forgotten. The next day he came again for homework help "What do you do on weekends?" he asked. The truth is, when I have work to do, I do it. I have no special time to with friends. I was embarrassed about this. I expected him to think I was boring and said, "Get a life!" He said, "OK. You're having trouble getting along with people I can show you. I'm old than you." Later, he checked my computer. He even connected me to an Internet chess server .He was becoming like a big brother. But when I thought about it, I didn't really want Nitin's help" His big-brother idea began to bore me. "I'll get you some cool computer programs ". "I'll teach you how to talk to girls." He meant what he was saying, but I don't know why it didn't make me feel good. Since then he's hardly talked to me; we seem to have forgotten each other. I don't think he can "teach" me much, and I don't think much of him. But I could be wrong*
Nico Rosberg dominated the final, vital qualifying session of the 2014 F1 season in Abu Dhabi, putting the German in the box seat for the World Championship title.   The Mercedes driver, who has endured a fine but torrid season alongside his rival Lewis Hamilton, led the session from the start as Hamilton put in an error strewn performance to finish second, 0.386 seconds behind Rosberg, and set up a mouthwatering race in the Middle East on Sunday.   Neck and neck   Rosberg and Hamilton have clashed on and off the track during a season dominated by Mercedes. The two drivers have gone neck and neck for most of the season before a late spurt of form from Hamilton put him ahead for the last race.   But a controversial rule change that awards double points for the last race of the season means that Hamilton's 17 point championship lead is far more precarious than it should have been.   "It's only one step, a very small step," Rosberg said after securing his 11th pole of the season. His performance meant that Mercedes managed to secure every single pole this season, a feat that hasn't been seen by an engine manufacturer since Ford achieved the same in 1969.   Hamilton still favorite   Hamilton, meanwhile, is still the favorite to walk away with the title. As long as he finishes second, Rosberg's performance is immaterial.   "I generally didn't have the best of laps but I enjoyed the qualifying session," said Hamilton. "Tomorrow is going to be a special day ... This weekend is about the championship, not about pole position." 
One of the most famous scientists to study adaptations was Charles Darwin . He was born in England in 1809. He wasn't the best student in his school, but when he was 16, his father sent him to a medical school. Charles liked spending time outdoors observing nature more than having medical classes. He dropped out without graduating. Next, Charles' father sent him to school to become a minister . This time he made it to graduation, but he didn't want to do the work of a minister. His friends encouraged him to follow his interest in science. Luckily, Charles was invited to sail on the Beagle as an unpaid scientist after graduation. The Beagle was to travel to South America and then around the world. Their task was to make maps of the places they visited. On December 27th, 1831. Charles Darwin sailed from England on the Beagle. The trip was planned to last two years. In fact, it lasted five. During this time, he saw many amazing things. He collected lots of plants and animals and took them back to England to begin his scientific study. Twenty-three years later, Darwin published a scientific paper with another man named Wallace. Darwin described how some animals have adaptations that help them survive. _ are passed on to offspring . Darwin's ideas about adaptations are still very important to the study of living things.
One Thursday morning, John's dad was making him breakfast. John came downstairs in his favorite blue shirt and fed his dog Bentley. After washing his hands, John sat down to a hot plate of pancakes, eggs, and bacon. John's baby sister Emily began to cry in her high chair. John gave Emily her pink pacifier to calm her down. After breakfast, John took Bentley out to the backyard to play fetch in the green grass. John only threw the ball a few times before it started to rain and they had to come back inside. Bentley shook himself to get the water off him and splashed John. John's dad asked John, "Do you want to play a game?" John said that he did and ran to get his favorite board game, Trouble. When they sat on the living room floor to play, Emily crawled over to sit in John's lap. Bentley lay next to John's dad with his head on his paws. John thought this rainy day was perfect.
Luci Baines Johnson was just 16 years old when she approached her father, President Johnson, with what she considered a reasonable request.   Luci Baines Johnson, left, and her older sister, Lynda Bird, pose inside the White House in 1963.   "I asked my father if we could have the Beatles come to play at the White House," she recalled. "I was very excited about it."   His response? A decisive no, "without even any moment of trying to soften the blow," Johnson said in a recent phone interview.   The president thought the move would be viewed as self-serving. His daughter, however, saw it as a chance to honor "a great talent" and strengthen ties between the United States and Great Britain -- not to mention a golden opportunity for her and her friends.   "I could see how different sets of folks could have either perspective. And I suspect my father could see that too," she said.   Luci Baines Johnson learned quickly of the scrutiny that came from being a first daughter. Her family moved into the White House in 1963, following the assassination of President John F. Kennedy.   Johnson was catapulted into the exclusive fraternity of White House families and embraced what she describes as a role she landed simply by chance. That fraternity has most recently expanded to include President Obama's daughters, Sasha and Malia.   "I was an eyewitness to history, over and over, during my father's five years in the White House. And I wasn't elected to that option. I had no qualifications that provided me that privilege except an accident of birth," she said. See famous first kids who grew up in the White House » 
Stan Case, an anchor for CNN Radio, has died in a car crash in Birmingham, Alabama, a police spokesman said Wednesday.   "Stan was a news anchor for CNN Radio and a mainstay of the network since he joined CNN in 1985," said Jim Walton, president of CNN Worldwide. "He was a fine journalist, a leader in our organization and, as anyone who had the privilege of knowing him will tell you, a great guy."   Case's wife, Angela Stiepel Case, was injured, according to a family friend, Merrell Waring. She remained hospitalized Wednesday.   Case is a writer at CNN, where she has worked for more than 20 years.   Tyler Moody, vice president of CNN Radio, said news of Stan Case's death caused "terrible sadness" for him and his colleagues.   "Our thoughts now are for his wife Angi's recovery, and his family during this difficult time. For over 26 years, Stan was our friend first and colleague second. He will be missed."   Birmingham police Sgt. Johnny Williams said he did not have details on the crash, which happened Tuesday. An accident reconstruction team planned to investigate further Wednesday, he said.   Stan Case came to CNN in 1985 after working as a correspondent for KEBC-AM in Oklahoma City. He was "in many ways the backbone of this network," said Mike Jones, a CNN Radio news manager.   He also held a law degree.   "Stan was a rock here, and his death creates a tremendous void," Jones said.   Another colleague, Jim Ribble, said Case's training as a lawyer helped provide a "reasoned, logical and levelheaded" take on the news. 
Muammar Muhammad Abu Minyar al-Gaddafi (Arabic: معمر محمد أبو منيار القذافي‎ Arabic pronunciation: [muʕamar al.qaðaːfiː]; /ˈmoʊ.əmɑːr ɡəˈdɑːfi/; audio (help·info); c. 1942 – 20 October 2011), commonly known as Colonel Gaddafi,[b] was a Libyan revolutionary, politician, and political theorist. He governed Libya as Revolutionary Chairman of the Libyan Arab Republic from 1969 to 1977 and then as the "Brotherly Leader" of the Great Socialist People's Libyan Arab Jamahiriya from 1977 to 2011. Initially ideologically committed to Arab nationalism and Arab socialism, he came to rule according to his own Third International Theory before embracing Pan-Africanism and serving as Chairperson of the African Union from 2009 to 2010.   The son of an impoverished Bedouin goat herder, Gaddafi became involved in politics while at school in Sabha, subsequently enrolling in the Royal Military Academy, Benghazi. Founding a revolutionary cell within the military, in 1969 they seized power from the absolute monarchy of King Idris in a bloodless coup. Becoming Chairman of the governing Revolutionary Command Council (RCC), Gaddafi abolished the monarchy and proclaimed the Republic. Ruling by decree, he implemented measures to remove what he viewed as foreign imperialist influence from Libya, and strengthened ties to Arab nationalist governments. Intent on pushing Libya towards "Islamic socialism", he introduced sharia as the basis for the legal system and nationalized the oil industry, using the increased revenues to bolster the military, implement social programs and fund revolutionary militants across the world. In 1973 he initiated a "Popular Revolution" with the formation of General People's Committees (GPCs), purported to be a system of direct democracy, but retained personal control over major decisions. He outlined his Third International Theory that year, publishing these ideas in The Green Book.
Gov. David Paterson had no intention of appointing Caroline Kennedy to fill the Senate seat vacated by Hillary Clinton, a source close to the New York governor told CNN Thursday.   Caroline Kennedy has withdrawn her name from consideration for Hillary Clinton's Senate seat.   The source told CNN that Paterson did not think Kennedy was "ready for prime time," citing her efforts, at times awkward, to try to win the appointment.   "She clearly has no policy experience and couldn't handle the pressure," said the source, who spoke on the condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the situation. "Why would he pick her given how badly she handled herself in recent weeks?"   Kennedy, 51, cited personal reasons for her decision not to continue pursuing the Senate seat. She informed the media at midnight, as Wednesday turned to Thursday.   Paterson is charged with naming a replacement for Clinton, who resigned her seat to become the secretary of state in President Obama's administration. Paterson will appoint someone to hold the seat until a new election is held in 2010.   A Kennedy ally, though, denied Kennedy had any indication Paterson was leaning against choosing her to fill out Clinton's term.   And another Kennedy confidante said Kennedy allies are getting frustrated about what they perceive as the governor's insiders slighting her.   Paterson, who is expected to name his choice Friday, has been coy about who he will pick to replace Clinton. Kennedy had been very public in expressing her interest in the seat by meeting with state and community leaders throughout the state. 
The old camera Brownie picked up in a charity shop was a splendid find. But the undeveloped film still inside turned out to be even more of a treasure.   New owner Don Roccoforte had it developed and saw in it an attractive dark haired woman in her thirties with two young boys. He immediately determined to try to find out who they were.   A few weeks later the California-based camera collector received the news that left him _ . The woman was his wife Jaqueline's aunt in a picture taken around 50 years ago, and one of the boys, her cousin.   The couple have now unraveled the astonishing coincidence, which leads back to Mrs. Roccoforte's native Lancashire, where many of her family still live. The camera was bought from a shop in Preston, England by Brownie, a friend of Mr. Roccoforte, who knew of his interest in photography and thought it would be an unusual gift.   Back in California, the contents of his new possession inspired Mr. Roccoforte's curiosity. Recognizing the water in the background of the photo as a lake in Lancashire, he sent a copy to the local paper in Preston to see if any readers could help.   Another relative recognized the group as Winnie Bamber, still living in the area at the age of 81, her son Tony, Mrs. Roccoforte's cousin, and Tony's childhood friend, Mick Murphy.   Yesterday Mrs. Bamber was still gasping at the turn of events which has reunited two strands of her family. She said she remembered taking the boys to the lake and losing the camera. The two boys, both now 58, still live near Preston.   Mrs. Roccoforte's father is Winnie Bamber's brother, Billy Charnley. He and his wife moved to America in the 1960s. Their daughter met Mr. Roccoforte there and they married and moved to Preston for two years before returning to America.
Madonna Louise Ciccone (/tʃɪˈkoʊni/; Italian: [tʃikˈkoːne]; born August 16, 1958) is an American singer, songwriter, actress, and businesswoman. She achieved popularity by pushing the boundaries of lyrical content in mainstream popular music and imagery in her music videos, which became a fixture on MTV. Madonna is known for reinventing both her music and image, and for maintaining her autonomy within the recording industry. Music critics have acclaimed her musical productions, which have generated some controversy. Often referred to as the "Queen of Pop", she is often cited as an influence by other artists.   Born in Bay City, Michigan, Madonna moved to New York City in 1977 to pursue a career in modern dance. After performing in the music groups Breakfast Club and Emmy, she signed with Sire Records (an auxiliary label of Warner Bros. Records) in 1982 and released her self-titled debut album the following year. She followed it with a series of commercially and critcally successful albums, including the Grammy Award winners Ray of Light (1998) and Confessions on a Dance Floor (2005). Throughout her career, Madonna has written and produced most of her songs, with many of them reaching number one on the record charts, including "Like a Virgin", "Into the Groove", "Papa Don't Preach", "Like a Prayer", "Vogue", "Frozen", "Music", "Hung Up", and "4 Minutes".
Antarctica, on average, is the coldest, driest, and windiest continent, and has the highest average elevation of all the continents. Antarctica is considered a desert, with annual precipitation of only 200 mm (8 in) along the coast and far less inland. The temperature in Antarctica has reached −89.2 °C (−128.6 °F), though the average for the third quarter (the coldest part of the year) is −63 °C (−81 °F). There are no permanent human residents, but anywhere from 1,000 to 5,000 people reside throughout the year at the research stations scattered across the continent. Organisms native to Antarctica include many types of algae, bacteria, fungi, plants, protista, and certain animals, such as mites, nematodes, penguins, seals and tardigrades. Vegetation, where it occurs, is tundra.   Geologically, West Antarctica closely resembles the Andes mountain range of South America. The Antarctic Peninsula was formed by uplift and metamorphism of sea bed sediments during the late Paleozoic and the early Mesozoic eras. This sediment uplift was accompanied by igneous intrusions and volcanism. The most common rocks in West Antarctica are andesite and rhyolite volcanics formed during the Jurassic period. There is also evidence of volcanic activity, even after the ice sheet had formed, in Marie Byrd Land and Alexander Island. The only anomalous area of West Antarctica is the Ellsworth Mountains region, where the stratigraphy is more similar to East Antarctica.
The United States Department of Health and Human Services (HHS), also known as the Health Department, is a cabinet-level department of the U.S. federal government with the goal of protecting the health of all Americans and providing essential human services. Its motto is "Improving the health, safety, and well-being of America". Before the separate federal Department of Education was created in 1979, it was called the Department of Health, Education, and Welfare (HEW).   The Federal Security Agency (FSA) was established on July 1, 1939, under the Reorganization Act of 1939, P.L. 76-19. The objective was to bring together in one agency all federal programs in the fields of health, education, and social security. The first Federal Security Administrator was Paul V. McNutt.   The new agency originally consisted of the following major components: (1) Office of the Administrator, (2) Public Health Service (PHS), (3) Office of Education, (4) Civilian Conservation Corps, and (5) Social Security Board.     Organizational Changes   When the war ended, President Truman moved to "strengthen the arm of the federal government for better integration of services in the fields of health, education, and welfare."   Unlike statutes authorizing the creation of other executive departments, the contents of Reorganization Plan No. 1 of 1953 were never properly codified within the United States Code, although Congress did codify a later statute ratifying the Plan. Today, the Plan is included as an appendix to Title 5 of the United States Code. The result is that HHS is the only executive department whose statutory foundation today rests on a confusing combination of several codified and uncodified statutes.
As Easter comes into view, the thoughts of billions of Christians turn to Jerusalem, to a sacred weekend that includes the crucifixion and resurrection of Jesus. Of course, people regard these events with various degrees of literalness. But Easter retains its power.   It is, in fact, the essential Christian celebration, as the Gospels focus hugely on this part of the Jesus story. They describe in slow motion his entry into Jerusalem and the final week leading up to the crucifixion on Good Friday, the uncertain stillness of Holy Saturday, when the world seems to have slipped into total darkness, then the joy of the Resurrection itself, with a sense that boundaries have been broken -- most aggressively, the membrane between life and death.   Questions arise, of course. Did Jesus really rise from the dead? What would that look like? Many Christians imagine some literal wakening from the dead and refuse to accept the slightest hint that the Resurrection might be regarded as symbolic without denigrating it.   Indeed, if you read the Gospel narratives closely, it's not easy to say what actually happened. All four of them skip the actual Resurrection. That is, we never see Jesus waken. The first inkling of change comes when a few women close to him visit the tomb. Accounts differ on who turned up at the tomb that morning: Mary Magdalene, a close friend of Jesus, alone or with Mary, his mother, and with Salome (who is either Mary's sister or the mother of apostles James and John). 
South Slavic dialects historically formed a continuum. The turbulent history of the area, particularly due to expansion of the Ottoman Empire, resulted in a patchwork of dialectal and religious differences. Due to population migrations, Shtokavian became the most widespread in the western Balkans, intruding westwards into the area previously occupied by Chakavian and Kajkavian (which further blend into Slovenian in the northwest). Bosniaks, Croats and Serbs differ in religion and were historically often part of different cultural circles, although a large part of the nations have lived side by side under foreign overlords. During that period, the language was referred to under a variety of names, such as "Slavic", "Illyrian", or according to region, "Bosnian", "Serbian" and "Croatian", the latter often in combination with "Slavonian" or "Dalmatian".   Serbo-Croatian was standardized in the mid-19th-century Vienna Literary Agreement by Croatian and Serbian writers and philologists, decades before a Yugoslav state was established. From the very beginning, there were slightly different literary Serbian and Croatian standards, although both were based on the same Shtokavian subdialect, Eastern Herzegovinian. In the 20th century, Serbo-Croatian served as the official language of the Kingdom of Yugoslavia (when it was called "Serbo-Croato-Slovenian"), and later as one of the official languages of the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia. The breakup of Yugoslavia affected language attitudes, so that social conceptions of the language separated on ethnic and political lines. Since the breakup of Yugoslavia, Bosnian has likewise been established as an official standard in Bosnia and Herzegovina, and there is an ongoing movement to codify a separate Montenegrin standard. Serbo-Croatian thus generally goes by the ethnic names Serbian, Croatian, Bosnian, and sometimes Montenegrin and Bunjevac.
Every evening at six o'clock an old man goes to a restaurant near his house. He eats dinner. After dinner, he drinks coffee and talks to the people at the restaurant. The old man's name is Bill. Bill eats at the restaurant every evening because he is lonely. His wife died and he has no children. Every evening the same waitress brings Bill to his dinner. Her name is Cara. She is 17 years old. Cara is kind to Bill. She knows he is lonely, so she talks to him. If Bill is late for dinner, she calls him on the telephone. "Are you OK?" she asks him. One evening Bill doesn't come to the restaurant. Cara calls him, but he doesn't answer the phone. Cara calls the police. "Please go to Bill's house." Cara tells the police. Later the police call Cara at the restaurant. "Bill died in his sleep," the police tell her. Bill was 82 years old. A week later, a man comes to the restaurant. "I have something for Cara," the man says. The man gives Cara a check for $500000. The money is from Bill. "This money is for me? From Bill?" Cara asks the man. "Yes," the man answers. "But...why?" Cara asks the man. "Bill liked you," the man says. "You were kind to him"
It was a beautiful Friday morning in Los Angeles. The sun was shining and the birds were singing their song. Angela woke up and got dressed. She had plans to go to the beach and look out on the ocean today. Angela had some chores to do first. She needed to clean and organize. Angela started by cleaning the bathroom. She then cleaned the living room, dining room, kitchen and her bedroom. After cleaning the bedroom, she organized her books on her desk. She then organized her spices in the kitchen. Angela started to make lunch. Angela had a choice between pizza, sandwiches and salad. She wanted to have pizza today. She chose to make a salad for lunch tomorrow and Sunday. Angela went to the store to buy lettuce. She went home after buying lettuce and ate pizza. After that, she took a walk and enjoyed the clear blue sky and breeze. She ended up walking to the beach.
A shire is a traditional term for a division of land, found in the United Kingdom and some other English speaking countries. It was first used in Wessex from the beginning of Anglo-Saxon settlement, and spread to most of the rest of England in the tenth century. In some rural parts of Australia, a shire is a local government area; however, in Australia it is not synonymous with a "county", which is a lands administrative division.   The word derives from the Old English "scir", itself a derivative of the Proto-Germanic "skizo" (cf. Old High German "scira"), meaning care or official charge. In the UK, "shire" is the original term for what is usually known now as a "county"; the word "county" having been introduced at the Norman Conquest of England. The two are nearly synonymous. Although in modern British usage counties are referred to as "shires" mainly in poetic contexts, terms such as Shire Hall remain common. Shire also remains a common part of many county names.   In regions with so-called rhotic pronunciation such as Scotland, the word "shire" is pronounced or . In non-rhotic areas the final R is silent unless the next word begins in a vowel. When "shire" is a suffix as part of a placename in England, the vowel is unstressed and thus usually shortened and/or monophthongised: pronunciations include , or sometimes , with the pronunciation of the final R again depending on rhoticity. In many words, the vowel is normally reduced all the way to a single schwa, as in for instance "Leicestershire" or "Berkshire" . Outside England, and especially in Scotland and the US, it is more common for "shire" as part of a placename to be pronounced identically to the full word, as a result of spelling pronunciation.
ELMONT, N. Y. (AP)---Elmont High School senior Harold Ekeh had a plan--he would apply to 13 colleges , including all eight Ivy League schools, figuring it would help his chances of getting into at least one great school.   It worked, And then some, The teenager from Long Island was accepted at all 13 schools, and now faces his next big test: deciding where to go.   "I was stunned, I was really shocked, "Ekeh told The Associated Press during an interview Tuesday at his home near the Belmont Park racetrack, his four younger brothers running around.   He found out last week he had been accepted to Princeton University. That made him eight for eight in the Ivy League--he had already been accepted to Yale University , Brown University, Columbia University , Cornell University , Dartmouth College, Harvard University and University of Pennsylvania. His other acceptances came from Johns Hopkins University, Massachusetts Institute of Technology, New York University, Stony Brook University and Vanderbilt University.   "We are so proud of him, " said his mother , Roseline Ekeh."Hard work, dedication, prayer brought him to where he is today. "   Born in Nigeria, Harold was eight years old when his parents brought the family to the United States.   "It was kind of difficult adjusting to the new environment and the new culture, " he said. But he saw his parents working hard, "and I took their example and decides to _   He referenced that effort in his college essay, writing, "Like a tree, uprooted and replanted, I could have withered in a new country surrounded by people and languages I did not understand. Yet, I witnessed my parents persevere despite the potential to give in. I faced my challenges with newfound zeal; I risked insults, spending my break talking to unfamiliar faces, ignoring their sarcastic remarks. "   Harold "is tremendously focused in everything he does." said John Capozzi, the school's principal, "He's a great role model. All the students and faculty are so proud of him. "   Harold is the second Long Island student in as many years to get into all eight Ivies. Last year, William Floyd High School's Kwasi Enim chose to go to Yale.   Harold, who has a 100. 51 grade-point average and wants to be a neurosurgeon, said he was leaning toward Yale, and had heard from Enin, offering congratulations. Like Enin, he's likely to announce his college choice at a press conference later this month. The deadline to decide is May 1.
The Amazon rainforest (Portuguese: Floresta Amazônica or Amazônia; Spanish: Selva Amazónica, Amazonía or usually Amazonia; French: Forêt amazonienne; Dutch: Amazoneregenwoud), also known in English as Amazonia or the Amazon Jungle, is a moist broadleaf forest that covers most of the Amazon basin of South America. This basin encompasses 7,000,000 square kilometres (2,700,000 sq mi), of which 5,500,000 square kilometres (2,100,000 sq mi) are covered by the rainforest. This region includes territory belonging to nine nations. The majority of the forest is contained within Brazil, with 60% of the rainforest, followed by Peru with 13%, Colombia with 10%, and with minor amounts in Venezuela, Ecuador, Bolivia, Guyana, Suriname and French Guiana. States or departments in four nations contain "Amazonas" in their names. The Amazon represents over half of the planet's remaining rainforests, and comprises the largest and most biodiverse tract of tropical rainforest in the world, with an estimated 390 billion individual trees divided into 16,000 species.
The father of a friend of Boston Marathon bombing suspect Dzhokhar Tsarnaev spoke in support of his son Sunday, saying he was simply in the "wrong place, (at the) wrong time, with (the) wrong people."   Amir Ismagulov is the father of Azamat Tazhayakov, one of three friends charged in connection with the case.   Tazhayakov and Dias Kadyrbayev are accused of obstruction of justice. They have already waived their right to bail.   Robel Phillipos, charged with lying to investigators, will appear in court Monday and will ask to be released on bond, his lawyers said in a court filing.   The FBI says that on April 18 the three friends went to Tsarnaev's college dorm room at the University of Massachusetts-Dartmouth. Authorities believe two of the men -- Tazhayakov and Kadyrbayev -- removed items from the room, including a laptop and a backpack loaded with fireworks.   Here are the latest developments in their cases:   Azamat Tazhayakov   Tazhayakov's father, who lives in Kazakhstan, spoke to CNN in New York. He said he met with his son last week for about 40 minutes.   Both father and son believe in the U.S. justice system, Ismagulov said. The government will get to the bottom of what happened and let Tazhayakov go, said the father, speaking in Russian.   Tazhayakov is due back in court May 14. He was already in federal custody on immigration charges related to his student visa, having been arrested in the days after the bombings due to his friendship with Tsarnaev.   The Kazakhstan native is charged with obstruction of justice. If found guilty, he could face up to five years in prison and $250,000 in fines. 
Mrs. Smith liked to deliver her pies with her big hot air balloon.   Mrs. Smith like baking pies of all shapes and sizes. She baked for her neighbors of all ages.   She would bake them up all on Sunday and pile them high in her balloon. Then she would take off into the sky!   Mr. Jones down the street loved strawberry pie. He would stand on his roof and catch the pie as the balloon flew by.   Mrs. Kenner liked apple pie. She would run after the balloon and catch her pie in a big basket.   Bobby and Sue were brother and sister. They loved chocolate pie. They would ride their bicycles to the top of a hill. Mrs. Smith would hand them their pies as she floated by.   Mrs. Smith would throw peach pies down Mr. Tevo's chimney, where they would all land in a big box.   Josh had his dog Rex chase after the pies for him. Rex would jump high in the air and catch the pie like frisbee!   Everyone would clap as Mrs. Smith rode by and delivered her pies. Then they would eat and be happy. Mrs. Smith loved riding her balloon and making her neighbors so happy!
Stephenville, Texas (CNN)A former deputy testified last week that he overheard the defendant in the "American Sniper" murder trial explain why he killed two men.   Gene Cole, who worked for the Erath County Sheriff's Office at the time, testified Friday that on June 22, 2013, he "heard Mr. [Eddie Ray] Routh say, 'I shot them because they wouldn't talk to me. I was just riding in the back seat of the truck and nobody would talk to me. They were just taking me to the range so I shot them. I feel bad about it, but they wouldn't talk to me. I'm sure they've forgiven me.'"   Testimony resumes Monday in Routh's trial. He is charged with murder in the February 2, 2013, shooting deaths of Chris Kyle, the former Navy SEAL who was the subject of "American Sniper," and Kyle's friend, Chad Littlefield, at a firing range.   Routh's lawyer admits his client killed the men but contends he was insane at the time.   In other testimony, Texas Ranger David Armstrong said investigators searched Routh's residence and found drug paraphernalia, including a pipe commonly used for methamphetamine as well as "a ceramic pipe, what's believed to be a bong, a grinder used to grind different substances and a loose leafy green substance" which lab tests confirmed was marijuana.   Armstrong also noticed a nearly empty bottle of whiskey in Routh's kitchen.   Routh's uncle, James Watson, testified that on the day of the slayings he was rousted out of bed by a call from Routh's girlfriend, asking him to come over because she and Routh had been arguing. 
Guatemala, officially the Republic of Guatemala (), is a country in Central America bordered by Mexico to the north and west, the Pacific Ocean to the southwest, Belize to the northeast, the Caribbean to the east, Honduras to the east and El Salvador to the southeast. With an estimated population of around /1e6 round 1 million, it is the most populated state in Central America. Guatemala is a representative democracy; its capital and largest city is Nueva Guatemala de la Asunción, also known as Guatemala City.   The territory of modern Guatemala once formed the core of the Maya civilization, which extended across Mesoamerica. Most of the country was conquered by the Spanish in the 16th century, becoming part of the viceroyalty of New Spain. Guatemala attained independence in 1821 as part of the Federal Republic of Central America, which dissolved in 1841.   From the mid to late 19th century, Guatemala experienced chronic instability and civil strife. Beginning in the early 20th century, it was ruled by a series of dictators backed by the United Fruit Company and the United States government. In 1944, authoritarian leader Jorge Ubico was overthrown by a pro-democratic military coup, initiating a decade-long revolution that led to sweeping social and economic reforms. A U.S.-backed military coup in 1954 ended the revolution and installed a dictatorship.
On the first day of school, Jack found a little old lady with a warm smile."Hi, handsome. My name is Rose. I'm 87 years old."she said. "Why are you in university at such a YOUNG age?" Jack asked. "I'm here to meet a rich husband, get married, have a couple of kids, and then retired and travel." she answered. Jack knew she's joking but he was surprised what encouraged her to be here at her age. "I always dreamed of having a university education and now I'm getting one!" she told me. We became friends. Every day they would talk after class. Jack always enjoyed listening to this "time machine" as she shared her wisdom and experience with him. And Rose easily made friends wherever she went. At the end of the term, Rose was invited to make a little speech. She said, "We don't stop playing because we're old. We grow old because we stop playing. Being happy and achieving success may keep you staying young. If you have a dream, hold on. When you lose your dreams, you die." "Anybody can grow older. _ doesn't take any talent or ability. The idea is to grow up by always finding the chance in change..."
Recent developments in LEDs permit them to be used in environmental and task lighting. LEDs have many advantages over incandescent light sources including lower energy consumption, longer lifetime, improved physical robustness, smaller size, and faster switching. Light-emitting diodes are now used in applications as diverse as aviation lighting, automotive headlamps, advertising, general lighting, traffic signals, camera flashes and lighted wallpaper. As of 2015[update], LEDs powerful enough for room lighting remain somewhat more expensive, and require more precise current and heat management, than compact fluorescent lamp sources of comparable output.   Electroluminescence as a phenomenon was discovered in 1907 by the British experimenter H. J. Round of Marconi Labs, using a crystal of silicon carbide and a cat's-whisker detector. Soviet inventor Oleg Losev reported creation of the first LED in 1927. His research was distributed in Soviet, German and British scientific journals, but no practical use was made of the discovery for several decades. Kurt Lehovec, Carl Accardo and Edward Jamgochian, explained these first light-emitting diodes in 1951 using an apparatus employing SiC crystals with a current source of battery or pulse generator and with a comparison to a variant, pure, crystal in 1953.
Blameless   I was a freshman in college when I met the Whites. They were completely different from my own family, yet I felt at home with them immediately. Jane White and I became friends at school, and her family welcomed me like a long-lost cousin.   In my family, it was always important to place blame when anything bad happened.   "Who did this? "my mother would scream about a dirty kitchen.   "This is all your fault, Katharine, "my father would insist when the cat got out or the dishwasher broke.   From the time we were little, my sister, brothers and I told on each other. We set a place for blame at the dinner table.   But the Whites didn't worry about who had done what. They picked up the pieces and moved on with their lives. The beauty of this was driven home to me the summer Jane died.   In July, the White sisters and I decided to take a car trip from their home in Florida to New York. The two older sisters, Sarah and Jane, were college students, and the youngest, Amy, had recently turned sixteen. Proud of having a new driver's license ,Amy was excited about practicing her driving on the trip. She showed off her license to everyone she met.   The big sisters shared the driving of Sarah's new car during the first part of the trip, but when they reached less crowded areas, they let Amy take over. Somewhere in South Carolina, we pulled off the highway to eat. After lunch, Amy got behind the wheel. She came to a crossroads with a stop sign. Whether she was nervous or just didn't see the sign no one would ever know, but Amy continued into the crossroads without stopping. The driver of a large truck, unable to stop in time, ran into our car.   Jane was killed immediately.   I was slightly injured. The most difficult thing that I've ever done was to call the Whites to tell them about the accident and that Jane had died. Painful as it was for me to lose a good friend, I knew that it was far worse for them to lose a child.   When Mr. and Mrs. White arrived at the hospital, they found their two daughters sharing a room. Sarah had a few cuts on the head; Amy's leg was broken. They hugged us all and cried tears of sadness and of joy at seeing their daughters. They wiped away the girls' tears and made a few jokes at Amy as she learned to use her crutches .   To both of their daughters, and especially to Amy, over and over they simply said, "We're so glad that you're alive. "   I was astonished. No blame. No accusations.   Later, I asked the Whites why they never talked about the fact that Amy was driving and had run a stop sign.   Mrs. White said, "Jane's gone, and we miss her terribly. Nothing we say or do will ever bring her back. But Amy has her whole life ahead of her. How can she lead a full and happy life if she feels we blame her for her sister's death? "   They were right. Amy graduated from the University of California and got married several years ago. She works as a teacher of learning-disabled students. She's also a mother of two little girls of her own, the oldest named Jane.
Catalan (/ˈkætəlæn/; autonym: català [kətəˈla] or [kataˈla]) is a Romance language named for its origins in Catalonia, in what is northeastern Spain and adjoining parts of France. It is the national and only official language of Andorra, and a co-official language of the Spanish autonomous communities of Catalonia, the Balearic Islands, and Valencia (where the language is known as Valencian, and there exist regional standards). It also has semi-official status in the city of Alghero on the Italian island of Sardinia. It is also spoken with no official recognition in parts of the Spanish autonomous communities of Aragon (La Franja) and Murcia (Carche), and in the historic French region of Roussillon/Northern Catalonia, roughly equivalent to the department of Pyrénées-Orientales.   According to the Statistical Institute of Catalonia in 2008 the Catalan language is the second most commonly used in Catalonia, after Spanish, as a native or self-defining language. The Generalitat of Catalunya spends part of its annual budget on the promotion of the use of Catalan in Catalonia and in other territories.
Carmen Arace Middle School is situated in the pastoral town of Bloomfield, Conn., but four years ago it faced many of the same problems as inner-city schools in nearby Hartford: low scores on standardized tests and dropping enrollment . Then the school's hard-driving headmaster, Delores Bolton, persuaded her board to shake up the place by buying a laptop computer for each student and teacher to use, in school and at home. What's more, the board provided wireless Internet access at school. Total cost: $2.5 million. Now, an hour before classes start, every seat in the library is taken by students who cannot wait for getting online. Fifth-grade teacher Jen Friday talks about different kinds of birds as students view them at a colorful website. After school, students on buses pull laptops from backpacks to get started on homework. Since the computer arrived, enrollment is up 20%. Scores on state tests are up 35%. Indeed, school systems in rural Maine and New York City also hope to follow Arace Middle School's example. Governor Angus King had planned using $50 million to buy a laptop for all of Maine's 17,000 seventh-graders - and for new seventh-graders each fall. In the same spirit, the New York City board of education voted on April 12 to create a school Internet portal , which would make money by selling ads and licensing public school students. Profits will also provide e-mail service for the city's 1.1 million public school students. Profits will be used to buy laptops for each of the school system's 87,000 fourth-graders. Within nine years, all students in grades 4 and higher will have their own computers. Back in Bloomfield, in the meantime, most of the _ have been worked out. Some students were using their computers to visit unauthorized websites. But teachers have the ability to keep an eye on where students have been on the Web and to stop them. "That is the worst when they disable you," says eighth-grade honors student Jamie Bassell. The habit is rubbing off on parents. "I taught my mom to use e-mail," says another eighth-grader, Katherine Hypolite. "And now she's taking computer classes. I'm so proud of her!"
The Black Death is thought to have originated in the arid plains of Central Asia, where it then travelled along the Silk Road, reaching Crimea by 1343. From there, it was most likely carried by Oriental rat fleas living on the black rats that were regular passengers on merchant ships. Spreading throughout the Mediterranean and Europe, the Black Death is estimated to have killed 30–60% of Europe's total population. In total, the plague reduced the world population from an estimated 450 million down to 350–375 million in the 14th century. The world population as a whole did not recover to pre-plague levels until the 17th century. The plague recurred occasionally in Europe until the 19th century.   The plague disease, caused by Yersinia pestis, is enzootic (commonly present) in populations of fleas carried by ground rodents, including marmots, in various areas including Central Asia, Kurdistan, Western Asia, Northern India and Uganda. Nestorian graves dating to 1338–39 near Lake Issyk Kul in Kyrgyzstan have inscriptions referring to plague and are thought by many epidemiologists to mark the outbreak of the epidemic, from which it could easily have spread to China and India. In October 2010, medical geneticists suggested that all three of the great waves of the plague originated in China. In China, the 13th century Mongol conquest caused a decline in farming and trading. However, economic recovery had been observed at the beginning of the 14th century. In the 1330s a large number of natural disasters and plagues led to widespread famine, starting in 1331, with a deadly plague arriving soon after. Epidemics that may have included plague killed an estimated 25 million Chinese and other Asians during the 15 years before it reached Constantinople in 1347.
A tiger named Timmy and Bear named Buster were going for a walk in the park by the river and were going to go swim later. As Timmy was running through a field in the park he came upon a small hamster with a broken leg. The hamster looked like it had somewhere to go but couldn't make it because of its leg. Timmy called Buster over to come talk to the hamster and see if there was anything they could do to help. As they talked, Timmy and Buster started to become good friends with the hamster. They found out his name was Henry. Henry was on his way to the river for a drink of water when a mean horse ran by and without looking at where he was going stepped on his leg and broke it. Luckily for Henry Busters mom was a nurse and after watching her work for many years Buster knew how to set a broken bone and fix it. After Buster fixed Henry's leg he picked him up and put him on Timmy's back and they all went to the river to get some water. They all were best friends for the rest of their lives and played together.
Karnataka is a state in the south western region of India. It was formed on 1 November 1956, with the passage of the States Reorganisation Act. Originally known as the State of Mysore, it was renamed "Karnataka" in 1973. Only a small part of the state corresponds to the Carnatic region. The capital and largest city is Bangalore (Bengaluru). Karnataka is bordered by the Arabian Sea to the west, Goa to the northwest, Maharashtra to the north, Telangana to the northeast, Andhra Pradesh to the east, Tamil Nadu to the southeast, and Kerala to the south. The state covers an area of , or 5.83 percent of the total geographical area of India. It is the seventh largest Indian state by area. With 61,130,704 inhabitants at the 2011 census, Karnataka is the eighth largest state by population, comprising 30 districts. Kannada, one of the classical languages of India, is the most widely spoken and official language of the state.   The two main river systems of the state are the Krishna and its tributaries, the Bhima, Ghataprabha, Vedavathi, Malaprabha, and Tungabhadra, in the north, and the Kaveri and its tributaries, the Hemavati, Shimsha, Arkavati, Lakshmana Thirtha and Kabini, in the south. Most of these rivers flow out of Karnataka eastward, reaching the sea at the Bay of Bengal.
A Connecticut woman attacked Monday by her friend's pet chimpanzee was taken Thursday from a Connecticut hospital to the famed Cleveland Clinic in Ohio, a hospital spokeswoman said. She would not divulge the victim's condition nor the reason for the move.   Travis, seen here as a younger chimp, was fatally shot by police after attacking Nash, authorities say.   Charla Nash, 55, was transferred by airplane and ambulance to the clinic, where doctors in December performed the first facial transplant in the United States.   The attack has raised questions about whether exotic animals should be kept as pets. Connecticut Attorney General Richard Blumenthal said Wednesday that primates and crocodiles should be added to a state list of animals citizens are not allowed to own.   Nash initially was taken to Stamford Hospital, where she underwent seven hours of surgery after she was attacked by the 14-year-old chimp, named Travis.   Nash's friend, Sandra Herold, 70, had called Nash for help in getting the animal back inside her house after he used a key to escape.   When Nash arrived at Herold's Stamford home, the chimp, who has been featured in TV commercials for Coca-Cola and Old Navy, jumped on her and began biting and mauling her, police said.   Doctors said Wednesday that Nash had received extensive injuries to her face and hands.   A Stamford police officer fatally shot the nearly 200-pound chimp after the primate turned on him inside a police cruiser, police said.   Herold told reporters at her home that she and the chimp slept together and that she considered him like a son. 
"Norton," Sheppard said, "I saw Rufus Johnson yesterday. Do you know what he was doing?" The child looked at him with a kind of half attention, his eyes forward but not yet engaged. They were a paler blue than his father's as if they might have faded like the shirt; one of them listed, almost imperceptibly , toward the outer rim. "He was in a path," Sheppard said, "and he had his hand in a garbage can. He was trying to get something to eat out of it." He paused to let this soak in. "He was hungry," he finished, and tried to pierce the child's conscience with his gaze. The boy picked up the piece of chocolate cake and began to bite it from one corner. "Norton," Sheppard said, "do you have any idea what it means to share?" A flicker of attention. "Some of it is yours," Norton said. "Some of it is his," Sheppard said heavily. It was hopeless. Almost any fault would have been preferable to selfishness--a violent temper, even a tendency to lie. The child turned the bottle of tomato sauce upside-down and began thumping sauce onto the cake. Sheppard's look of pain increased. "You are ten and Rufus Johnson is fourteen," he said. "Yet, I'm sure your shirts would fit Rufus." Rufus Johnson was a boy whom he had been trying to help at the reformatory for the past year. He had been released two months ago. "When he was in the reformatory, he looked pretty good, but when I saw him yesterday, he was skin and bones. He hasn't been eating cake with peanut butter on it for breakfast." The child paused. "It's not fresh," he said. "That's why I have to put stuff on it." Sheppard turned his face to the window at the end of the bar. The side lawn, green and even, sloped fifty feet or so down to a small suburban wood. When his wife was living, they had often eaten outside, even breakfast on the grass. He had never noticed then that the child was selfish. ks5u "Listen to me," he said, turning back to him, "look at me and listen." The boy looked at him. At least his eyes were forward. "I gave Rufus a key to the house when he left the reformatory---to show my confidence in him and so he would have a place he could come to and feel welcome any time. He didn't use it, but I think he'll use it now because he's seen me and he's hungry. And if he doesn't use it, I'm going out and find him and bring him here. I can't see a child eating out of garbage cans." The boy frowned. It was dawning upon him that something of his was threatened. Sheppard's mouth stretched in disgust. "Rufus's father died before he was born," he said. "His mother is in the state penitentiary . He was raised by his grandfather in a shack without water or electricity and the old man beat him every day. How would you like to belong to a family like that?" "I don't know" the child said lamely. "Well, you might think about it sometime," Sheppard said. Sheppard was City Recreational Director. On Saturday he worked at the reformatory as a counselor, receiving nothing for it but the satisfaction of knowing he was helping boys no one else cared about. Johnson was the most intelligent boy he had worked with. Norton turned what was left of the cake over as if he no longer wanted it. "You started that, now finish it," Sheppard said. "Maybe he won't come," the child said and his eyes brightened slightly.
During the 14th century in the northeastern part of the state nomad tribes by the name of Jornado hunted bison along the Rio Grande; they left numerous rock paintings throughout the northeastern part of the state. When the Spanish explorers reached this area they found their descendants, Suma and Manso tribes. In the southern part of the state, in a region known as Aridoamerica, Chichimeca people survived by hunting, gathering, and farming between AD 300 and 1300. The Chichimeca are the ancestors of the Tepehuan people.   During the Napoleonic Occupation of Spain, Miguel Hidalgo y Costilla, a Catholic priest of progressive ideas, declared Mexican independence in the small town of Dolores, Guanajuato on September 16, 1810 with a proclamation known as the "Grito de Dolores". Hidalgo built a large support among intellectuals, liberal priests and many poor people. Hidalgo fought to protect the rights of the poor and indigenous population. He started on a march to the capital, Mexico City, but retreated back north when faced with the elite of the royal forces at the outskirts of the capital. He established a liberal government from Guadalajara, Jalisco but was soon forced to flee north by the royal forces that recaptured the city. Hidalgo attempted to reach the United States and gain American support for Mexican independence. HIdalgo reached Saltillo, Coahuila where he publicly resigned his military post and rejected a pardon offered by Viceroy Francisco Venegas in return for Hidalgo's surrender. A short time later, he and his supporters were captured by royalist Ignacio Elizondo at the Wells of Baján (Norias de Baján) on March 21, 1811 and taken to the city of Chihuahua. Hidalgo forced the Bishop of Valladolid, Manuel Abad y Queipo, to rescind the excommunication order he had circulated against him on September 24, 1810. Later, the Inquisition issued an excommunication edict on October 13, 1810 condemning Miguel Hidalgo as a seditionary, apostate, and heretic.
Jim rode his bike quickly. It was Friday and he wanted to get to the lake. The path to the lake was long and winding. It was wetter on Tuesday. Jim had to wash his boot. His boot had once been frozen. It was frozen because he left it outside on Sunday. He had to leave his boot outside for a long time. The lake was facing the tree. Jim had to go home. He wanted food very badly. Jim went home. He got inside and looked up at the ceiling. He walked to the refrigerator. Jim took the yogurt out of the refrigerator. Some milk was on the table and he grabbed a cup so he could pour himself some of the milk. Jim also had a candy bar. Jim sat down and rested. He was tired from the long bike ride. He finished his yogurt and began planning his next trip to the lake. It would not be long before he returned. He and his boots were ready for more fun outdoors Monday.
Niki Gianni was 11 or 12 when she found a video on YouTube called "Meet Your Meat." Saddened and disgusted by the footage from a slaughterhouse, the Chicago girl announced she was no longer going to eat meat. Her parents were less than thrilled.   "When she first said she wanted to be a vegetarian, we were just looking at each other and we said, 'We can't be switching meals for you. You are not going to get your protein.' We were not educated in the health benefits," said Gianni's mother, Julie Gianni.   While many parents worry whether their vegetarian or vegan children will receive adequate nutrition for their growing bodies, the American Dietetic Association says such diets, as long as they are well-planned, are appropriate for all phases of life, including childhood and adolescence. "Appropriately planned" vegetarian or vegan diets are healthful, nutritionally adequate and may provide health benefits in the prevention and treatment of certain diseases, the dietetic association says.   "You can really feel the difference when you are eating something from the ground and something from a factory," said Niki Gianni, an animal activist who became a vegan shortly after embracing the vegetarian lifestyle.   10-year-old: Why I became vegetarian in first grade   Now an 18-year-old college freshman, Niki Gianni said her eating habits expanded her palate and turned her away from processed foods. Her food choices also influenced her family: Her mother is now a vegan and her father and sister are vegetarians.   The number of vegetarians in the United States is expected to increase over the next decade, according to the dietetic association. A vegetarian diet is associated with a lower risk of death from ischemic heart disease, and vegetarians also appear to have lower overall cancer rates, lower blood pressure and lower rates of hypertension than nonvegetarians. 
The sound of the women washing laundry down at the lake woke Lizzie up. She yawned, stretching out like a lazy cat. Her sister was also awake. "Lizzie", Meghan whispered, "are you awake?" Lizzie nodded and rolled out of bed. Meghan rolled over and went back to sleep.   As Lizzie walked down the hallway, she accidentally stepped on Ralph's tail. "Woof!" Ralph yelled, in pain. "Sorry, Ralph", said Lizzie.   Lizzie went down the stairs and into the kitchen. She ate some milk and cereal for breakfast. Then she sat down to write a letter to her dad. As she was writing she heard Ralph playing with his ball.   Lizzie's dad was a driver for a rich family in England. She had only met her dad in person once, but they wrote letters to each other every week. Her dad was a very busy man, and he did what he had to for his family. Sometimes Lizzie wished she could go to England, too. It wasn't fair that the other girls got to see their dads every day.   After writing a page, Lizzie stopped. Her hand was covered in the black ink of the pen. She washed her hands and dried them. Then she went outside to wait for the postman. She would mail her letter right away.
On a Saturday morning earlier this September, the world got its first look at the Strati. This electric vehicle is unlike any other currently on the road. It rolls on four wheels, but its body and chassis weren't built in a factory. Instead, Strati's designers used a technology called 3-D printing. It created those parts of the car in one piece, from the ground up. "Compared to a typical vehicle on the road, the Strati definitely looks different," says Greg Schroeder, a senior research engineer at the Center for Automotive Research in Ann Arbor, Mich. He did not work on the new car. His organization studies trends and changes in the auto industry. It took 44 hours to print the new car at the International Manufacturing Technology Show in Chicago. Over the next few days, the car's designers installed additional parts. These included the car's engine, brakes and tires. Then, early on September 13, Jay Rogers climbed into the car, started its engine and drove the vehicle onto the street. Rogers helped found Local Motors. It's the Arizona-based company behind the Strati. Two weeks later, his team printed a second Strati, and just as fast, at a fair in New York City. Justin Fishkin, a local Motors official, sees the Strati as a window into the future. Today, car buyers are limited in their choice of a vehicle. They can order only what car companies have already designed. But in the future, he says, you may be able to design your own car online and then get it printed to order. Manufacturing experts say 3-D printing has begun to revolutionize how they make things. The technology has been around for decades. But these machines used to be so expensive that only large companies could afford them. In the last few years, though, that has changed. Many of the machines are now inexpensive enough for small companies--or even individuals --to own. Some local libraries make them available to the public. High Schools are beginning to use them in classrooms. Wide access to these printers means people can now design and print a wide variety of new things. The car's printer is a one-of-a-kind device. The technology behind the 3-D printer used in Chicago is an example of additive manufacturing. This process builds solid objects, slice by slice, from the bottom up. ("Strati" means layers, in Italian.) A mechanical arm moves a _ from one side to another, back and forth. As it moves, the nozzle deposits a liquid--often melted plastic or metal (but it could be food, concrete or even cells) --that quickly hardens or bonds to become solid or semi-solid. This creates a single, thin layer. Once a layer is complete, the printer starts depositing the next one. "There's a lot of interest in 3-D printing in the auto industry," says Schroeder. Right now, the technology is particularly useful for building models of cars or car parts. To compete with current auto manufacturers, the 3-D printer would have to increase in a hurry, Schroeder says. By contrast, he notes, a Ford F-150 pickup truck rolls off an assembly line at a rate of roughly one per minute. To print as many Stratis would require many more printers. Schroeder says he doesn't see 3-D printing soon taking over for such high-volume manufacturing. But, he adds, "Who knows what will happen in the long term?" Scientists at Oak Ridge National Laboratory in Tennessee designed the 3-D printer used in Chicago. Lonnie Love, a research scientist at the lab, led the effort. Additive manufacturing often is slow and expensive. It also may produce materials that are unreliable, Love says. So for two years, his team searched for ways to make 3-D printing better. They built new machines and tested them over and over. All of that work paid off: their new machine is fast and uses less expensive material than earlier printers. In addition, it prints a plastic embedded with fibers of carbon to produce a stronger material. This helps ensure the material won't crack or break under pressure.
Nikola Tesla (Serbian Cyrillic: Никола Тесла; 10 July 1856 – 7 January 1943) was a Serbian American inventor, electrical engineer, mechanical engineer, physicist, and futurist best known for his contributions to the design of the modern alternating current (AC) electricity supply system.   Tesla gained experience in telephony and electrical engineering before emigrating to the United States in 1884 to work for Thomas Edison in New York City. He soon struck out on his own with financial backers, setting up laboratories and companies to develop a range of electrical devices. His patented AC induction motor and transformer were licensed by George Westinghouse, who also hired Tesla for a short time as a consultant. His work in the formative years of electric power development was involved in a corporate alternating current/direct current "War of Currents" as well as various patent battles.   Tesla went on to pursue his ideas of wireless lighting and electricity distribution in his high-voltage, high-frequency power experiments in New York and Colorado Springs, and made early (1893) pronouncements on the possibility of wireless communication with his devices. He tried to put these ideas to practical use in an ill-fated attempt at intercontinental wireless transmission, his unfinished Wardenclyffe Tower project. In his lab he also conducted a range of experiments with mechanical oscillators/generators, electrical discharge tubes, and early X-ray imaging. He also built a wireless controlled boat, one of the first ever exhibited.
The Mathematics Genealogy Project is a web-based database for the academic genealogy of mathematicians. By 24 April 2017, it contained information on 211,735 mathematical scientists who contributed to research-level mathematics. For a typical mathematician, the project entry includes graduation year, thesis title, "alma mater", doctoral advisor, and doctoral students.   The project grew out of founder Harry Coonce's desire to know the name of his advisor's advisor. Coonce was Professor of Mathematics at Minnesota State University, Mankato, at the time of the project's founding, and the project went online there in fall 1997. Coonce retired from Mankato in 1999, and in fall 2002 the university decided that it would no longer support the project. The project relocated at that time to North Dakota State University. Since 2003, the project has also operated under the auspices of the American Mathematical Society and in 2005 it received a grant from the Clay Mathematics Institute. Harry Coonce has been assisted by Mitchel T. Keller, Assistant Professor at Washington and Lee University. Dr Keller is currently the Managing Director of the project.   The Mathematics Genealogy Mission statement states, "Throughout this project when we use the word "mathematics" or "mathematician" we mean that word in a very inclusive sense. Thus, all relevant data from statistics, computer science, philosophy or operations research is welcome."
Once upon a time there was a fish that lived in a bowl. The fish wanted to give a kid a party. But the fish was sad. The fish had no present to give to the kid. The fish would give the kid a spoon. But the fish had no spoon. The fish was a cutie. The fish had an idea. The fish had a stone in the bowl. The fish could give the kid the stone! The fish took the stone from the bowl. The fish put the stone in a bag. The fish gave the kid a party and gave the kid the stone as a gift. The kid told his granddaddy and his mommy that the fish was a cutie. The kid gave the fish a banana. The fish ate the banana and was very happy. The fish and the kid are friends and they love each other.
Botanical nomenclature is the formal, scientific naming of plants. It is related to, but distinct from taxonomy. Plant taxonomy is concerned with grouping and classifying plants; botanical nomenclature then provides names for the results of this process. The starting point for modern botanical nomenclature is Linnaeus' "Species Plantarum" of 1753. Botanical nomenclature is governed by the "International Code of Nomenclature for algae, fungi, and plants" ("ICN"), which replaces the "International Code of Botanical Nomenclature" ("ICBN"). Fossil plants are also covered by the code of nomenclature.   Within the limits set by that code there is another set of rules, the "International Code of Nomenclature for Cultivated Plants (ICNCP)" which applies to plant cultivars that have been deliberately altered or selected by humans (see cultigen).   Botanical nomenclature has a long history, going back beyond the period when Latin was the scientific language throughout Europe, to Theophrastus (c. 370–287 BC), Dioscorides (c. 40 – 90 AD) and other Greek writers. Many of these works have come down to us in Latin translations. The principal Latin writer on botany was Pliny the Elder (23–79 AD). From Mediaeval times, Latin became the universal scientific language (lingua franca) in Europe. Most written plant knowledge was the property of monks, particularly Benedictine, and the purpose of those early herbals was primarily medicinal rather than plant science "per se". It would require the invention of the printing press (1450) to make such information more widely available.
Educators and policymakers have long dreamed of providing universal, low cost, first-class higher education. Their wish may come true soon thanks to an unlikely source: Silicon Valley.   The mecca of the technology universe is in the process of revolutionizing higher education in a way that educators, colleges and universities cannot, or will not.   One of the men responsible for what may be an Athens-like renaissance is Sebastian Thrun, Google's vice president and pioneer in artificial intelligence and robotics. Known in science circles for his engineering feats -- like Stanley, the self-driving car -- Thrun is using his technological prowess to make quality higher education available to the world. I recently interviewed him on my radio show, "Morning In America."   Last year, while teaching a graduate level artificial intelligence class at Stanford University, Thrun lamented that his course could only reach 200 students in the suburbs of Palo Alto. So, he decided to offer his own free online class, with the same homework, quizzes and tests that he gives to Stanford students.   He announced the proposal with a single e-mail. Before he knew it, he had a flood of takers. "Usually I reach about 200 students and now I reach 160,000," said Thrun incredulously. "In my entire life of education I didn't have as much an impact on people as I had in these two months."   By utilizing online videos and educational resources, Thrun's class was being accessed by students from all corners of the world. In fact, the students themselves translated the class for free from English into 44 languages. 
Jill ran upstairs as soon as she got home from school. Today she was a sad and angry girl. Her teacher had given her a lot of homework. Jill always thought homework wasn't fair. But she thought it was extra unfair today because she wanted to play with a new toy. The new toy was called Wiggle Giggle and Jill's friends said it was very fun. When Jill ran into her room, she jumped up on her bed. Frowning, she tried to think of a way to get her homework done very quickly. While she was thinking, she unwrapped a brownie and began to eat it. Brownies were her favorite snack and it made her feel a little better. Suddenly, Jill came up with a plan. She jumped down from the bed and stuffed the rest of the snack in her mouth. As she chewed, she opened her toy chest. Jill had to dig way down to the bottom, but she soon found what she was looking for: parts from a few broken toys. Things were looking up! Jill's plan was to build a robot to do her homework. Nothing would get in the way of her plan. It took her hours to finish it, but she was proud of her work. When it was done, she named the robot Mister Sparks. She told it, "Mister Sparks, do my homework!" Then Jill had to go eat dinner. After dinner, Jill spent the rest of the night playing Wiggle Giggle. It was so much fun! But Jill got some bad news before going to bed. Mister Sparks had not done any of the homework!
The Fed Express rolls out of Shanghai with no signs of slowing down yet.   Roger Federer beat Frenchman Gilles Simon to win his first Shanghai Masters crown Sunday and his fourth title of the season.   The victory will move him above Rafael Nadal, who has been laid low with appendicitis, and up to second in the world rankings.   "Usually everything slows down at the end of the season," Federer told reporters in China. "Not for me this time.   "This year everything is going really well. I have so many highlights to look forward to for the end of the season, which is nice."   With just a handful of events to go until next month's season finale in London, Federer could still mathematically challenge Novak Djokovic to end the year as the world No.1.   The 33-year-old Swiss ace beat Djokovic - who arguably inflicted more pain by defeating Federer in the summer's Wimbledon final -- in the semifinals in Shanghai.   "I'm not even going to change my schedule because of it," Federer reflected on the possibility of regaining the number one spot.   "I haven't thought about it, to be quite honest. I mean, it's in Novak's racquet. He dictates.   "But nevertheless, I'm still going to be playing and hopefully playing well again."   Federer did not have it easy against Simon, who took the Swiss to a tiebreak in the opening set and had set point at 6-5 up.   But the 17-time grand slam champion snuffed out the threat to take the first set breaker 8-6. 
The Bilateria or bilaterians, or triploblasts, are animals with bilateral symmetry, i.e., they have a head ("anterior") and a tail ("posterior") as well as a back ("dorsal") and a belly ("ventral"); therefore they also have a left side and a right side. In contrast, radially symmetrical animals like jellyfish have a topside and a downside, but no identifiable front or back.   The bilateria are a major group of animals, including the majority of phyla but not sponges, cnidarians, placozoans and ctenophores. For the most part, bilateral embryos are triploblastic, having three germ layers: endoderm, mesoderm, and ectoderm. Nearly all are bilaterally symmetrical, or approximately so; the most notable exception is the echinoderms, which achieve near-radial symmetry as adults, but are bilaterally symmetrical as larvae.   Except for a few phyla (i.e. flatworms and gnathostomulids), bilaterians have complete digestive tracts with a separate mouth and anus. Some bilaterians lack body cavities (acoelomates, i.e. Platyhelminthes, Gastrotricha and Gnathostomulida), while others display primary body cavities (deriving from the blastocoel, as pseudocoel) or secondary cavities (that appear "de novo", for example the coelom).   The hypothetical most recent common ancestor of all bilateria is termed the "Urbilaterian". The nature of the first bilaterian is a matter of debate. One side suggests that acoelomates gave rise to the other groups (planuloid-aceloid hypothesis by Graff, Metchnikoff, Hyman, or ), while the other poses that the first bilaterian was a coelomate organism and the main acoelomate phyla (flatworms and gastrotrichs) have lost body cavities secondarily (the Archicoelomata hypothesis and its variations such as the Gastrea by Haeckel or Sedgwick, the Bilaterosgastrea by Gösta Jägersten , or the Trochaea by Nielsen).
Every dog has his day, but Sir Lancelot -- or at least his carbon copy -- has a second one.   Edgar and Nina Otto show off 10-week-old Lancey, a clone of "the most human of any dog we've ever had."   A Boca Raton, Florida, couple paid a California firm $155,000 to clone their beloved Labrador retriever, who died from cancer a year ago. The clone, a 10-week-old puppy dubbed Lancey, was hand-delivered to them earlier this week by Lou Hawthorne, chairman of BioArts International, a biotechnology company.   "One minute with Lancey and you know he's special. He's both extremely aware and very sweet," Hawthorne said in a BioArts statement.   Edgar and Nina Otto said they began thinking about cloning Sir Lancelot about five years ago.   "I said 'Well, you know, it wouldn't hurt to have his DNA frozen,' and that's what we did," Nina Otto told CNN affiliate WPBF.   The Ottos were one of five families to bid and win a BioArts auction for a chance to clone their family dog, according to a BioArts statement. Lancey is the world's first commercially cloned dog, the company said; the Ottos are the first of six current clients to receive their clone.   Sir Lancelot's DNA sample was sent to the Sooam Biotech Research Foundation in Seoul, South Korea, which provides cloning services to BioArts. Researchers there put the DNA into an egg, and Lancey was born November 18, according to BioArts.   The Ottos said they have had many beloved dogs over the years -- and have nine others currently -- but maintain Sir Lancelot was special. 
Once there was a girl named Ruth, who loved to play outside whenever she could. One day, she was running around outside with a friend, but she tripped and scraped her knee very badly. She doubled over in pain, screaming for her father "DADDY!!!" she yelled, until he ran outside to help. "Thank goodness that only the skin on your knee was hurt!" he said, as he picked her up to bring her inside. "We need to cover your cut, and it looks like it was about to start raining anyway," he said. He brought her into the restroom, so he could wash the cut, then put on medicine and a large bandage. "That medicine hurt..." Ruth said, but her cut was feeling better than it did before. "Well, at least now you don't have to worry about it getting worse," her father said. "Hopefully it won't take long for your cut to get better, then you can go back to playing outside again - be careful from now on!"
More "Breaking Bad" yo?   The series star Bryan Cranston seemed to drop a major hint in an interview with CNN's Ashleigh Banfield Thursday. Asked by Banfield if his character, Walter White, died or not, Cranston said, "Hey, you never saw bags zip up or anything. Or say ... you know." He left the rest up to viewers' imaginations.   In response to questions about whether the character could show up in a movie or anywhere else ever again, Cranston said: "Never say never."   Whoa.   He may have been teasing, but that remark revived hopes for countless fans who still are mourning the loss of the character and the acclaimed series. The show literally went out with a bang in September 2013 and there was even a mock funeral held for the character in Albuquerque, New Mexico, where the series was set and filmed.   Cranston has remained busy since the series ended, most recently starring in the summer film "Godzilla." And AMC has announced that "Breaking Bad" fans can look forward to a new series, "Better Call Saul," which will be a spinoff featuring criminal lawyer Saul Goodman.   What say you diehard fans? Do you think Cranston was kidding or not?   
The crowd cheered and cheered. The man with the horn waved and smiled his great, happy smile."More! More!"cried the crowd. And Louis Satchmo Armstrong took his horn and began to play again. Here he was inprefix = st1 /England. Now a famous man, he was rich. He knew many important people. Wherever he went, people knew his name. They wanted to hear his music. As Louis played the sad, slow songs, he thought of his home inNew Orleans. He lived there as a boy. How many years ago it was? It was a busy, exciting city. But Louis' family was very poor. He went to work to help his mother. He also went to school. One of Louis' teachers asked him to be in the school band"This horn is yours until you leave our school,"his teacher said. Louis' music was jazz and he loved it. He remembered all the music he heard. He didn't learn to read music until he was a man.   When he left school, he played in many bands. He loved his work and people loved him. They knew he had a wonderful talent. Louis played on the boats that sailed up and down the river. He played in little towns and in big cities. Satchmo's horn had as many sounds as ten horns-sometimes slow and sweet; sometimes fast and hot, high and low. His music was always strong and exciting."He does make wonderful music,"said the man who listened happily."Yes,"said another man,"he makes that horn speak."Then the music jazz as I can play. I thought jazz was my music, but now I understand it is ours. Isn't it beautiful how music brings us together!"
Internment is the imprisonment or confinement of people, commonly in large groups, without trial. The term is especially used for the confinement "of enemy citizens in wartime or of terrorism suspects". Thus, while it can simply mean imprisonment, it tends to refer to preventive confinement, rather than confinement "after" having been convicted of some crime. Use of these terms is subject to debate and political sensitivities.   Interned persons may be held in prisons or in facilities known as internment camps. In certain contexts, these may also be known either officially or pejoratively, as concentration camps.   Internment also refers to a neutral country's practice of detaining belligerent armed forces and equipment on its territory during times of war under the Hague Convention of 1907.   The Universal Declaration of Human Rights restricts the use of internment. Article 9 states that "No one shall be subjected to arbitrary arrest, detention or exile."   The "American Heritage Dictionary" defines the term "concentration camp" as: "A camp where persons are confined, usually without hearings and typically under harsh conditions, often as a result of their membership in a group the government has identified as suspect."   The United States set up concentration camps for Cherokee and other Native Americans in the 1830s. In 1864, the U.S. government forced 8,000 Navajos to walk more than 300 miles at gunpoint from their ancestral homelands in northeastern Arizona and northwestern New Mexico to an internment camp in Bosque Redondo, a desolate tract on the Pecos River in eastern New Mexico. From 1863 to 1868, the U.S. Military persecuted and imprisoned 9,500 Navajo and 500 Mescalero Apache. Living under armed guards, more than 3,500 Navajo and Mescalero Apache men, women, and children died from starvation and disease. Adolf Hitler admired the U.S. actions toward Native Americans, and in a 1928 speech he praised Americans for having "gunned down the millions of Redskins to a few hundred thousand, and now keep the modest remnant under observation in a cage."
Imagine yourself on a boat looking out at the horizon and all you can see is the water meeting the sky with no land in sight and you are sailing straight ahead to meet the world. Jesse Martin does not have to imagine: he is living in it.   On Dec. 7, 1998, at 17 years old, Jesse set sail from Melbourne, Australia on his boat, attempting to become the youngest person to sail alone and nonstop around the world. He sailed south of New Zealand, through the South Pacific, around South America, north on the Atlantic, back south past Africa, through the Indian Ocean and back to Melbourne.   Even as a young child, Jesse had been an adventurer who traveled all over Europe and Asia with his parents. Born in Munich, Germany in 1981, he moved to Australia with his family when he was only two years old. They moved close to a rainforest in Cow Bay, about 3500kms north of Melbourne, where they built a small house with no electricity or running water. Jesse grew up at the beach enjoying the outdoors to its fullest.   At 14, he sailed for the first time with his father and brother, Beau. It was after this trip that he began to dream about sailing around the world.   Jesse's family played an important role. "I was made to believe I could do anything." he says. Although, he says, there were others that were not so encouraging or supportive, "People that I looked up to, respected and trusted told me I couldn't. Thankfully, I trusted myself. There were people that said that the boat couldn't be ready by the time I had to leave." However, through perseverance and belief in himself he was able to do what many told him was impossible.   On Oct.31, 1999, more than 10 months after he set sail, Jesse Martin went down in history as the youngest person to sail around the world alone, nonstop and unassisted.
Bobby's grandmother was studying at a school in New York City. She lived at the school year round. So Bobby's mother put him on a bus to the city and his grandmother picked him up at the Port Authority bus stop. They took the train back to the school. They put Bobby's backpack on a rack in the guest room. Then Bobby and his grandmother went out for a walk. They stopped at a corner shop for pizza and sodas. Then they walked to the Empire State Building. At the top of the Empire State Building they looked out over the city. They counted all the bridges and looked at all the tall buildings. Bobby bought three postcards and a little snow globe in the shop. Then they took the elevator back to the ground floor. Next they took a yellow cab to Central Park. They rode the carousel and went to the zoo. Bobby's favorite animals were the monkeys. He did not like the snakes at all. After they had ice cream cones, Bobby and his grandmother took the train back to her school. They had salads for supper. Then they read a story together. Bobby's grandmother made up her sofa bed for Bobby as they made plans for the next day. Bobby wanted to know if they could go to a baseball game. His grandmother said she would get tickets.
"The zoo has money problem," Grandmother Sandy said. Angel listened. She heard that Fresno's Chaffee Zoo didn't have enough money to take care of its animals. Angel loved animals. She planned to study them when she grew up. Angel's family had four cats. Angel took good care of them and made sure that they always had food and water. Angel felt sorry for the zoo animals. While the others in the family were cooking dinner, Angel was cooking up a way to help the animals. She decided to write a letter to show how she felt. At the end of the letter, she wrote: "Give a dollar, help an animal." She sent the letter and a dollar to The Fresno Bee, a local newspaper. A few days after that, Angel's letter was published. Almost immediately, people began sending in money. Angel's letter was having effect! At school, Angel went to each classroom to read the letter that appeared on the newspaper. She asked students in her school to give money to the zoo. Next, Angel was asked to appear on television. She was invited to be on a popular talk show. The workers in the zoo were very happy. Ray Navarro is the person most responsible for the animals. "Angel opened the eyes of Fresno," said Ray. "She made us see that people can make a difference."
Two brothers, Herbert and James, lived with their mother and a cat named Edgar. James was particularly devoted to the cat, and when he had to leave town for several days, he left Herbert careful instructions about the pet's care. At the end of his first day away, James telephoned his brother, "How is Edgar?"   "Edgar is dead." Herbert answered. There was a pause. Then James said, "Herbert, you're insensitive . You know how close I was to Edgar. You should have broken the news to me slowly. When I asked about Edgar tonight, you should have said, 'Edgar's on the roof , but I have called the fire department to get him down.' And tomorrow when I called, you could have said the firemen were having trouble getting Edgar down, but you were hopeful they would succeed. Then when I called the third time, you could have told me that the firemen have done their best, but unfortunately Edgar had fallen off the roof and was at the veterinarian's . Then when I called the last time, you could have said that although everything possible had been done for Edgar, he had died. That's the way a sensitive man would have told me about Edgar. And, oh, before I forget," James added, "how is mother?"   "Oh," Herbert said, pausing for a moment, "She's on the roof."
The University of London is a collegiate and a federal research university located in London, England, The University was incorporated originally by royal charter in 1836 and is, at present, incorporated by royal charter granted in 1863. It is now governed by the University of London Act 1994 and by the Statutes made under it. The university currently consists of 18 constituent colleges, nine research institutes and a number of central bodies.   The university is the largest university by number of full-time students in the United Kingdom, with 161,270 campus-based students and over 50,000 distance learning students in the University of London International Programmes. The university was established by royal charter in 1836, as a degree-awarding examination board for students holding certificates from University College London and King's College London and "other such other Institutions, corporate or unincorporated, as shall be established for the purpose of Education, whether within the Metropolis or elsewhere within our United Kingdom". The university moved to a federal structure in 1900.   Most constituent colleges rank in the top 50 universities in the United Kingdom and for most practical purposes, ranging from admissions to funding, the constituent colleges operate on an independent basis, with some recently obtaining the power to award their own degrees whilst remaining in the federal university. The ten largest colleges of the university are UCL, King's College London, Queen Mary, City, Birkbeck, the London School of Economics and Political Science, Royal Holloway, Goldsmiths, SOAS, and St George's. The specialist colleges of the university include the London Business School, the Royal Veterinary College and Heythrop College, specialising in philosophy and theology. Imperial College London was formerly a member, before leaving the university a century later in 2007. City is the most recent constituent college, having joined on 1 September 2016.
I'd had the piggy bank for a long time. So long, in fact, that I don't really remember getting it. My aunt once told me a whole story about it, in which it was passed down through the family for many, many years, only to come to me. I was pretty little at the time, so I believed her with no question. It made me think that the bank was important. It became some sort of sign of family and togetherness. I would imagine my mom and my grandmother and even my great grandmother before that, putting coins in the little white pig and waiting for them to fill it up, to be spent on some sort of treasure. And then, when I was fifteen, I broke it.   I didn't mean to. I was cleaning my room in a hurry, so I could finish quickly and go to a friend's house. I swung the vacuum hose around too quickly, knocking the pig's shelf, and down it went. About a thousand pieces, and way fewer coins than I would have believed, flew everywhere. I started to cry.   My mother came in at the sound of the crash. "I'm so, so sorry!" I cried. "I broke the bank! I broke the family bank!" "What, Sarah?" my mother asked, kneeling next to me on the floor. "The what?" "The bank! Aunt Tracy said it was in the family for years!" "What, this? We got it for you at a garage sale when you were two. It was fifty cents."
Champagne, Pele and FIFA. It sounds just like another soiree for those who run international football.   Yet it's fundamentally different this time for the Champagne in question is a certain Jerome, the 55-year-old who launched his campaign to dethrone FIFA president Sepp Blatter on Monday.   Once one of Blatter's closest allies following his work as FIFA's deputy Secretary General between 2002 and 2005, the former diplomat is now eying the top job itself ahead of the presidential elections in June 2015.   He is the first candidate to throw his hat into the ring, although both Blatter and UEFA president Michel Platini are also expected to stand -- albeit without declaring their intentions yet.   Adding sparkle and fizz to the opening of Champagne's campaign was the backing of former Brazil star Pele.   "I cannot stay away from a debate which is so important for the future of football and thus, I support Jerome Champagne and his vision," the 73-year-old said in a video message.   Pele said that the pair became friends when he was Brazil's Minister of Sport and Champagne was working at the French Embassy in Brazil.   However, Champagne -- who worked at FIFA for 11 years before leaving football's world governing body in 2010 -- chose London and the site where the English FA, the planet's oldest, was founded in 1863 to launch his bid.   Image Problem   In a wide-ranging reform program, the Frenchman outlined his support for greater use of technology in football, a desire to see orange cards and the use of a sinbin to be used between a yellow and red card while also calling for more transparency in the running of FIFA. 
Tim and Janey woke up earlier than normal. Their stomach were growling. They were ready for breakfast. They had gone to bed at their normal time, but they could not help being up now. So they woke up their father and went downstairs for breakfast. It was so early in the morning the sun was not even out yet. But their dad knew once the kids were up, there was no going back to sleep, so he got started. He gave them each a banana to start. He let them pick either a biscuit or toast. They chose toast. So he made wheat bread toast and put grape jelly on it. The quickly ate it and the orange juice they were given. They then each had a bowl of Rice Krispies before getting showered and dressed. They kissed their mom as she went to work and began enjoying the day off from school by playing in their rooms. Dad thought he'd done a good job feeding the kids. But in two hours, they both were asking for turkey sandwiches for lunch. With Tim and Janey so hungry so soon, their dad knew he was in for a long day. And a busy one in the kitchen.
On Tuesday evening, Rick wanted to play with his friends at a playground near his house. Rick's mother, Trish, drove him to the playground. Rick met up with Andrew and Chris. Rick ran to the monkey bars. Andrew ran to the slide. Chris ran to the swings. Trish sat on a bench near the monkey bars and read a book. She wanted to finish the book for a long time and wanted to try to finish right now. Around 6 PM, it started to rain. Trish quickly put her book inside of her jacket to keep it dry. Afterwards, she called Rick and his friends over and told them it was time to go. Rick and Andrew ran to Trish to follow her to the car. Chris tried to run to Trish but tripped and fell. He scabbed his knee. He was in a lot of pain. Trish told Rick and Andrew to get inside of the car. She ran to Chris to check on him. Trish had a bandage in her pocket and put it over Chris' scab. She then helped Chris get to the car. The next day, Rick asked Chris if he was okay from the fall at the playground. Chris said he was okay and wanted to go play at the playground again soon.
Wikimedia Commons (or simply Commons) is an online repository of free-use images, sound, and other media files. It is a project of the Wikimedia Foundation.   Files from Wikimedia Commons can be used across all Wikimedia projects in all languages, including Wikipedia, Wikibooks, Wikivoyage, Wikispecies, Wikisource, and Wikinews, or downloaded for offsite use. The repository contains over 41 million media files. In July 2013, the number of edits on Commons reached 100,000,000.   The project was proposed by Erik Möller in March 2004 and launched on September 7, 2004. A key motivation behind the setup of a central repository was the desire to reduce duplication of effort across the Wikimedia projects and languages, as the same file had to be uploaded to many different wikis separately before Commons was created.   The aim of Wikimedia Commons is to provide a media file repository "that makes available public domain and freely-licensed educational media content to all, and that acts as a common repository for the various projects of the Wikimedia Foundation." The expression "educational" is to be understood according to its broad meaning of "providing knowledge; instructional or informative".   Most Wikimedia projects still allow local uploads which are not visible to other projects or languages, but this option is meant to be used primarily for material (such as fair use content) which local project policies allow, but which would not be permitted according to the copyright policy of Commons. Wikimedia Commons itself does not allow fair use or uploads under non-free licenses, including licenses which restrict commercial use of materials or disallow derivative works. For this reason, Wikimedia Commons always hosts freely licensed media and deletes copyright violations. Licenses that are acceptable include the GNU Free Documentation License, Creative Commons Attribution and Attribution/ShareAlike licenses, other free content and free software licenses, and the public domain.
Hungarian ("magyar nyelv") is the official language of Hungary and one of the 24 official languages of the European Union. Outside Hungary it is also spoken by communities of Hungarian people in neighbouring countries (especially in Romania, Slovakia, Serbia and Croatia), and by Hungarian diaspora communities worldwide. Like Finnish and Estonian, it belongs to the Uralic language family, its closest relatives being Mansi and Khanty. It is the most widely-spoken of the several European languages not part of the Indo-European family.   The Hungarian name for the language is "magyar nyelv" (). The word is used as an English and Hungarian word to refer to Hungarian people as an ethnic group.   Hungarian is a member of the Uralic language family. Linguistic connections between Hungarian and other Uralic languages were noticed in the 1670s, and the family itself (then called Finno-Ugric) was established in 1717, but the classification of Hungarian as a Uralic/Finno-Ugric rather than Turkic language continued to be a matter of impassioned political controversy throughout the 18th and into the 19th centuries. Hungarian has traditionally been assigned to an Ugric branch within Uralic/Finno-Ugric, along with the Mansi and Khanty languages of western Siberia (Khanty–Mansia region), but it is no longer clear that it is a valid group. When the Samoyed languages were determined to be part of the family, it was thought at first that Finnic and Ugric (Finno-Ugric) were closer to each other than to the Samoyed branch of the family, but that now is frequently questioned.
Chocolate was a box turtle. Lauren found her one day on the side of the road, hiding in her old, worn shell, frightened by the cars going by. Lauren picked Chocolate up to help her cross the street, because Lauren knew that turtles are very slow and cars are very fast. After Lauren got Chocolate to the other side of the road, Chocolate peeked her head out of her shell and looked at the little girl. Lauren saw that not only was Chocolate's shell worn, one of her eyes was shut. Lauren thought Chocolate needed more help from her, so Lauren took the turtle home. Lauren hid Chocolate in her bathtub, because she was worried that her mother would be mad. Lauren went to look up what turtles like to eat and left Chocolate alone in the bathtub. Lauren was still looking up turtle facts when she heard her mother call out, "Lauren, get in here now!" Lauren knew she was in trouble. But when Lauren came into the bathroom, her mother was smiling. Lauren's mom told her that she had a turtle when she was a little girl. Lauren and her mom took Chocolate to an animal doctor who treated sick turtles. The doctor gave them special drops to put in Chocolate's eyes. Lauren put the drops in Chocolate's eyes, like the doctor told her and soon the turtle's eyes were all better. Chocolate's shell was still old and worn looking, like an old shoe, but now her eyes were beautiful, like the golden jewels on Grandma's earrings. Lauren was glad that she helped Chocolate.
A telescope is an optical instrument that aids in the observation of remote objects by collecting electromagnetic radiation (such as visible light). The first known practical telescopes were invented in the Netherlands at the beginning of the 17th century, by using glass lenses. They found use in both terrestrial applications and astronomy.   Within a few decades, the reflecting telescope was invented, which used mirrors to collect and focus the light. In the 20th century, many new types of telescopes were invented, including radio telescopes in the 1930s and infrared telescopes in the 1960s. The word "telescope" now refers to a wide range of instruments capable of detecting different regions of the electromagnetic spectrum, and in some cases other types of detectors.   The word "telescope" (from the Ancient Greek , "tele" "far" and , "skopein" "to look or see"; τηλεσκόπος, "teleskopos" "far-seeing") was coined in 1611 by the Greek mathematician Giovanni Demisiani for one of Galileo Galilei's instruments presented at a banquet at the Accademia dei Lincei. In the "Starry Messenger", Galileo had used the term "perspicillum".   The earliest existing record of a telescope was a 1608 patent submitted to the government in the Netherlands by Middelburg spectacle maker Hans Lippershey for a refracting telescope. The actual inventor is unknown but word of it spread through Europe. Galileo heard about it and, in 1609, built his own version, and made his telescopic observations of celestial objects.
Bratislava ( or ; , or "" ) is the capital of Slovakia, and with a population of about 450,000, the country's largest city. The greater metropolitan area is home to more than 650,000 people. Bratislava is in southwestern Slovakia, occupying both banks of the River Danube and the left bank of the River Morava. Bordering Austria and Hungary, it is the only national capital that borders two sovereign states.   The history of the city has been strongly influenced by people of different nations and religions, namely by Austrians, Croats, Czechs, Germans, Hungarians, Jews, Serbs and Slovaks (in alphabetical order). The city served as the coronation site and legislative center of the Kingdom of Hungary from 1536 to 1783, and has been home to many Slovak, Hungarian and German historical figures.   Bratislava is the political, cultural and economic centre of Slovakia. It is the seat of the Slovak president, the parliament and the Slovak Executive. It is home to several universities, museums, theatres, galleries and other important cultural and educational institutions. Many of Slovakia's large businesses and financial institutions also have headquarters there.   The capital of Slovakia is the eighth best city for freelancers to live in, mostly because of fast internet and the low taxes. In 2017, Bratislava was ranked as the third richest region of the European Union by GDP (PPP) per capita (after Hamburg and Luxembourg City). GDP at purchasing power parity is about three times higher than in other Slovak regions.
Tom had to fix some things around the house. He had to fix the door. He had to fix the window. But before he did anything he had to fix the toilet. Tom called over his best friend Jim to help him. Jim brought with him his friends Molly and Holly. Tom thought that Jim was going to bring Dolly with him but he didn't. The four of them got to work right away. Fixing the toilet was easy. Fixing the door was also easy but fixing the window was very hard. The window was stuck and could not be opened. They all pushed on the window really hard until finally it opened. Once the window was fixed the four of them made a delicious dinner and talked about all of the good work that they had done. Tom was glad that he had such good friends to help him with his work.
For their nick-of-time acts, Toby, a 2-year-old dog, and Winnie, a cute cat, were named Dog and Cat of the Year by the American Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals.   As Amy Paul choked on a piece of apple at her home, her dog jumped up, landing hard on her chest and forcing the piece in her throat out. When the Keesling family of Indiana was about to be killed by carbon monoxide, their cat clawed at the wife Cathy's hair until she woke up and called for help.   No one could explain their timely heroics.   Both pets were rescued by their owners in _ -----Toby as a 4-week-old thrown into a garbage bin to die, and Winnie as a week-old orphan hiding under a barn, so helpless that Cathy's husband, Eric, had to feed her milk with an eyedropper.   As the Keeslings recalled it, a gas-driven pump being used broke down, spreading carbon monoxide through the house. By the time Winnie went to rescue, the couple's 14-year-old son was already unconscious. "Winnie jumped on the bed and was clawing at me, with a kind of angry sound," Cathy Keesling said. The state police responding to her 911 call said the family was only minutes from death, judging by the amount of poisonous gas in the house.   Amy Paul's husband was at his job when she took a midday break from making jewelry and bit into an apple. "Normally I peel them, but I read in Good Housekeeping Magazine that the skin has all the nutrients, so I ate the skin, and that's what caused me to choke," she recalled. "I couldn't breathe and I was in panic when Toby jumped on me. He never does that, but he did, and saved my life."   Both Toby and Winnie accompanied their owners to the awards luncheon.
One day Marilla said, "Anne, your new teacher, Miss Stacy, spoke to me yesterday. She says you must study for the examinations for Queen's College in two years' time. Then if you do well, you can study at Queen's in Charlottetown for a year, and after that you'll be a teacher!" "That doesn't matter, Anne. When Matthew and I adopted you three years ago, we decided to look after you as well as we could. Of course we'll pay for you to study."So in the afternoons Anne and some of her friends stayed late at school, and Miss Stacy helped them with the special examination work. Diana didn't want to go to Queen's, so she went home early, but Gilbert stayed. He and Anne still never spoke and everybody knew that they were enemies, because they both wanted to be first in the examination. Secretly, Anne was sorry that she and Gilbert weren't friends, but it was too late now. For two years, Anne studied hard at school. She enjoyed learning, and Miss Stacy was pleased with her. But she didn't study all the time. In the evenings and at weekends she visited her friends, or walked through the fields with Diana, or sat talking to Matthew. "Your Anne is a big girl now. She's taller than you," Rachel Lynde told Marilla one day. "You're right, Rachel!" said Marilla in surprise. "And she's a very good girl now, isn't she? She doesn't get into trouble these days. I'm sure she helps you a lot with the housework, Marilla." "Yes, I don't know what I'd do without her," said Marilla, smiling. "And look at her! Those beautiful grey eyes, and that red-brown hair! You know, Marilla, I thought you and Matthew made a mistake when you adopted her. But now I see I was wrong. You've looked after her very well." "Well, thank you, Rachel," replied Marilla, pleased. That evening, when Matthew came into the kitchen, he saw that his sister was crying. "What's the matter?" he asked, surprised. "You haven't cried since... well, I can't remember when." "It's just... well, I was thinking about Anne," said Marilla. "I'll...I'll miss her when she goes away." "When she goes to Queen's, you mean? Yes, but she can come home at weekends, on the train." "I'll still miss her," said Marilla sadly." In June the Avonlea boys and girls had to go to Charlottetown to take their examinations. "Oh, I do hope that I've done well," Anne told Diana when she arrived back at Green Gables. "The examinations were very difficult. And I've got to wait for three weeks before I know! Three weeks! I'll die!" Anne wanted to do better than Gilbert. But she also wanted to do well for Matthew and Marilla. That was very important to her. Diana was the first to hear the news, she ran into the kitchen at Green Gables and shouted, "Look, Anne! It's in Father's newspaper! You're first... with Gilbert... out of all the students on the island! Oh, how wonderful!" Anne took the paper with shaking hands, and saw her name, at the top of the list of two hundred. She could not speak. "Well, now, I knew it," said Matthew with a warm smile. "You've done well, I must say, Anne," said Marilla, who was secretly very pleased. For the next three weeks Anne and Marilla were very busy. Anne needs new dresses to take to Charlottetown.
Only two Republican presidential candidates will appear on the ballot in Virginia next year, regardless of how many are in the race.   Mitt Romney and Ron Paul will have the Dominion State all to themselves. Supporters of Newt Gingrich, Rick Perry, Rick Santorum, Jon Huntsman and Michele Bachmann will have to be content with yard signs or donations as ways of cheering on their favorite would-be nominee.   That's because their campaigns failed to gain the requisite 10,000 signatures. It is, to be sure, a self-inflicted wound, a measure of some organizational chaos. But it is also a function of illogically restrictive local laws. They not only impede ballot access but end up denying open representative democracy to operate on the road to the Oval Office.   The United States is the only nation in the world, save Switzerland, that does not have uniform federal ballot access laws, according to Ballot Access News, a website run by Richard Winger that is dedicated to the issue. This may reflect the country's closely held federalism, but it can create chaos in a presidential year. In many cases, the rules are imposed by state party bosses who are less interested in democracy than in rigging the system to benefit their favored candidates.   Take, for example, my home state of New York. It votes reliably Democratic in presidential years, at least since Ronald Reagan thrashed Walter Mondale in 1984. But the state's primary delegates can still be a prize in a protracted Republican nomination fight. In 1999, John McCain had to sue to even have his name appear on the ballot alongside George W. Bush because the Republican state party chair and his committee essentially decided that Bush would be their nominee without the inconvenience of putting it to a vote. Local laws allowed them to restrict ballot access until public pressure and a court injunction overruled their attempted end-run around democracy. Each presidential cycle, the corrupt kabuki continues. 
What is the hottest topic at your school? In Hangzhou Yongjin Middle School, it's money. The school had an activity called "making a living" recently. About 800 Junior 1 and Junior 2 students were divided into 112 teams. They went out to make money by selling things. What did they choose to sell? Some sold newspapers; some chose bottled water; some sold environmentally friendly shopping bags and bamboo baskets. Huqi's team decided to sell educational books in front of the Children Activity Centre. They thought parents would like to buy books for their children. But unfortunately , they came across urban management officers . The officers asked them to leave. "We played hide-and-seek with the officers for the whole morning," said Hu. "Finally we gave up and moved to other place. Wang Yongyi and her team sold ice cream in a square. They didn't meet any officers. But few people were interested in what they were selling. The team then put up a board saying the money was to help the "Project Hope" for country kids. It worked. More people came to their stall. A foreigner even gave them 100 yuan. Meng Zhaoxiang and his team were luckier. They sold all their cakes in four hours, spending 39.5 yuan and getting back 80 yuan. "It was not easy to make the money," said Meng. "Some people just looked. Others just tasted but didn't buy. Now I know how hard it is for our parents to earn the money we need to lead happy lives."
Eastern Europe is the eastern part of the European continent. There is no consensus on the precise area it covers, partly because the term has a wide range of geopolitical, geographical, cultural, and socioeconomic connotations. There are "almost as many definitions of Eastern Europe as there are scholars of the region". A related United Nations paper adds that "every assessment of spatial identities is essentially a social and cultural construct".   One definition describes Eastern Europe as a cultural entity: the region lying in Europe with the main characteristics consisting of Greek, Byzantine, Eastern Orthodox, Russian , and some Ottoman culture influences. Another definition was created during the Cold War and used more or less synonymously with the term "Eastern Bloc". A similar definition names the formerly communist European states outside the Soviet Union as Eastern Europe. Some historians and social scientists view such definitions as outdated or relegated, but they are still sometimes used for statistical purposes.   Several other definitions of Eastern Europe exist today, but they often lack precision, are too general or outdated. These definitions vary both across cultures and among experts, even political scientists, as the term has a wide range of geopolitical, geographical, cultural, and socioeconomic connotations.
Going on a road trip? The St. Louis Arch, Statue of Liberty, and Golden Gate Bridge are common great tourist sites. If you prefer offbeat places, check out the following roadside attractions.   World's Largest Ball of Paint   Alexandria, Ind.   In 1977, Michael Carmichael set out to create the biggest ball of paint anywhere. Starting with a baseball as centre, he painted layer by layer of paint day after day, year after year. The ball weighs more than 1,300 pounds, with more than 20,000 coats of paint, which is recognized by Guinness World Record. Visitors can paint the wall themselves and become part of the history.   The Museum of Dirt   Boston, Mass.   The museum is the idea of Glenn Johnson. Labeled glass bottles contain such treasures as dirt from the Great Wall of China, as well as sand from a desert in Saudi Arabia and Omaha Beach in France. Best of all, the cost of seeing this museum is dirt cheap: It's free.   Mount Horeb Mustard Museum   Mount Horeb, Wis.   It's heaven for hotdog lovers! This museum says it has to have the world's largest collection for prepared mustard . Its more than 4,100 bottles of spices come from 60 nations, including Turkey and China. Visitors learn the history of mustard, from how it's made to how it's advertised and sold. The museum's creator, Barry Levenson, loves mustard so much that he even puts it on ice-cream!   Paper House   Rockport, Mass.   Swedish immigrant Ellis Stenman was much ahead of his time in 1922, when he started to build a two-room house almost entirely out of newspaper. At the time, people didn't give much---if any---thought to recycling paper. In fact, "recycling" wasn't even a word yet. The house is framed with wood, but the walls are made of 210 layers of newspaper. In all, he used about 100,000 newspapers.
A former security guard told CNN on Monday that he was unjustly fired after he took pictures of President Barack Obama's motorcade during a visit to Atlanta in September.   Kenneth Tate worked for a private security firm when President Obama visited the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention on September 16.   He told CNN's Brooke Baldwin in an exclusive television interview that he stuck to his assigned duties and tried to take photos after he was done escorting President Obama.   Members of Congress were upset when the media reported last month that Tate had a .40-caliber handgun while in an elevator with the President. That report, coupled with news of an incident in which a man jumped a fence and made it into the White House, led to the resignation of Secret Service Director Julia Pierson.   Tate said he was issued a weapon by his security firm on the morning of the President's visit, but no one told him it was a violation of Secret Service protocol for him to carry a gun, he said.   Tate's lawyer, Christopher Chestnut, said his client was fired unjustly for leaving his post.   "He should never have lost his job for doing what he was supposed to do," Chestnut said. He added that Tate is not a felon, contrary to prior media reports.   Tate said he was supposed to take the President to two different floors of one of the CDC buildings.   "Those tasks I carried out," he told CNN. He said he also was asked to escort some Secret Service agents to the roof and other locations 
The Austronesian languages are a language family that is widely dispersed throughout Maritime Southeast Asia, Madagascar and the islands of the Pacific Ocean, with a few members in continental Asia. Austronesian languages are spoken by about 386 million people, making it the fifth-largest language family by number of speakers, behind only the Indo-European languages, the Sino-Tibetan languages, the Niger-Congo languages, and the Afroasiatic languages. It is on par with Indo-European, Niger–Congo, and Afroasiatic as one of the best-established language families. Major Austronesian languages with the highest number of speakers are Malay (Indonesian and Malaysian), Javanese, and Filipino (Tagalog). The family contains 1,257 languages, which is the second most of any language family.   Similarities between the languages spoken in the Malay Archipelago and the Pacific Ocean were first observed in 1706 by the Dutch scholar Adriaan Reland. In the 19th century, researchers (e.g. Wilhelm von Humboldt, Herman van der Tuuk) started to apply the comparative method to the Austronesian languages, but the first comprehensive and extensive study on the phonological history of the Austronesian language family including a reconstruction of Proto-Austronesian lexicon was made by the German linguist Otto Dempwolff. The term Austronesian itself was coined by Wilhelm Schmidt (German "austronesisch") which comes from Latin "auster" "south wind" plus Greek "nêsos" "island". The family is aptly named, as the vast majority of Austronesian languages are spoken on islands: only a few languages, such as Malay and the Chamic languages, are indigenous to mainland Asia. Many Austronesian languages have very few speakers, but the major Austronesian languages are spoken by tens of millions of people and one Austronesian language, Malay (including Indonesian and Malaysian), is spoken by 250 million people, making it the 8th most spoken language in the world. Approximately twenty Austronesian languages are official in their respective countries (see the list of major and official Austronesian languages).
Three men have come forward to say they were sexually abused by convicted former Penn State assistant coach Jerry Sandusky as early as the 1970s, sources close to the case told a Pennsylvania newspaper.   Sandusky was convicted in June of sexually abusing 10 boys in cases dating back to the 1990s. Two sources with knowledge of the investigation said police are aware these men have come forward, and one has already contacted investigators, the Harrisburg Patriot-News reported Monday.   Their allegations are the first to accuse Sandusky of molesting boys before the 1990s, when the cases prosecutors brought against him took place. If found credible, they would directly attack the 68-year-old's defense argument that a person doesn't become pedophile in his or her 50s.   In the early 1970s, when one of the men says he was abused, Jerry Sandusky would have been in his late 20s.   More storms looming for Penn State   Sandusky could face hundreds of years behind bars at his sentencing on 45 counts in September. As his jury was deliberating, more accusers -- including his own adopted son -- raised allegations of abuse.   The grand jury investigation that led to Sandusky's November arrest is still meeting and could be hearing from more potential victims, but the Pennsylvania attorney general's office has not said if more charges will be filed.   Nils Frederiksen, a spokesman for the agency, said he couldn't discuss "any specific evidence" because of the grand jury probe.   "Court filings have indicated that new information has come forward and we're continuing to pursue, but can't talk about specific evidence." 
Do you know the open-air art gallery in London's Blackall Street? Probably -not. Not many Londoners know it either, but Henri does and he is willing to show it to you.   Henri used to sleep in parks until he met a charity that helps homeless people get back on their feet by becoming tour guides.   Rather than show traditional London sights, "Unseen Tours" t _ Henri has been teaching tourists about the history and architecture of Shoreditch, where he slept on public benches for three years.   When he felt separated from the society, contact with the volunteer network "The Sock Mob" gave Henri hope. "Not everyone just looked down on me," he said. The tours aren't the only actions trying to help those who have suffered a misfortune to stand tall again.   An innovative college for homeless people in London, the first of its kind in the country, is attracting hundreds of students. The Recovery College, set up by St Mungo's charity, is providing courses designed to improve technical skills and life skills.   According to Andy Williams, who helps to organize the college, the most popular courses have proved to be about raising self-confidence and developing self-pride.   Steve, now in his 50s, told a reporter how much of a difference it makes to "have a bit of confidence". He had difficulty learning to read and had to leave school when he was 12. Because Steve's problem was not recognized at the time, he was "seen to be unable to read or write", and suffered with depression and alcohol addiction. He says the status of "student" is itself important for people who are used to being treated as outcasts   Some charities aim not only to help the homeless become independent but also to make them popular. The Homeless World Cup started ten years ago. Today the tournament draws teams from 48 countries made up of players-men and women-who are, or have been, living in the streets. It gives them a chance to become football heroes.
There once was a beautiful princess named Lizzie who lived in a castle in the woods. One day she went for a walk to see if any of the spring flowers had started to bloom. Her mother's birthday was the next day. If there were flowers blooming she would pick some for her mother. Her mother's name was Queen Alice. As she got deeper into the woods she came to a place that had a lot of flowers. There were beautiful lilies growing around the edge of a pond. There were some deer drinking water from the pond. She picked some lilies for her mother, the queen. The lilies were white and yellow and red. She picked 12 lilies for her mother. Lizzie also saw mushrooms growing in the woods. There were birds building a nest in the bushes. Under the bush she saw a paper cup that someone had left. There were beautiful butterflies on the bush, too. The sun was warm so she lay down to rest under the shade of a tree. She fell asleep and as she was sleeping she had a bad dream. She dreamed that as she was walking through the woods. In her dream she tripped over a log and hurt her ankle. She started to cry because she was afraid that nobody would miss her and she would have to sleep in the woods. She heard someone calling her name and was very happy to see her father standing near her. When she opened her eyes she also could see her brother Henry standing near her. She could hear their dog, Daisy, rushing to meet them, too.
Counterfeit goods, or false versions of products, may cost the government of Kenya as much as $1 billion each year. The fake goods also hurt business owners who find it hard to keep customers. But information technology is being used to try to stop the problem. Jemima Mwafigu is a 34-year-old businesswoman who sells products like perfume. But in the first year of running her business, she found it hard to keep customers because of counterfeit goods.   Ms. Mwafigu says her business has improved since she began using a smart phone application called Barcode Scanner. The app is used to authenticate products. It checks to make sure the products are not counterfeit.   "With this application I'm able to scan the bar codes of each perfume and instantly I get the production date, the _ and I'm able to know the safety," she says. "That way, I have confidence in selling to my customers."   In 2010, Kenya created the Anti-Counterfeit Agency, or ACA, to fight against illegal trade. The ACA has successfully asked government officials for stronger punishments for counterfeiters.   Agnes Karingu is the agency's acting director for research and awareness. She says the ACA is trying to stay one step ahead of those making fake goods.   "We are also looking into IT solutions where we can be able to use SMS programs, bar codes and information sharing," she says. "The end users of the products will actually be able to get the authentication information, and this information comes back to ACA and intellectual property rights holders."   The agency is testing another program called Allvirtuous. The application is another way to find out if a product is real or not by scanning its barcode. The barcode information is sent to a database. Then a result is sent back to the app.   The International Chamber of Commerce is a global business organization. It says the value of counterfeit goods produced around the world is expected to be more than $1.7 trillion this year.
Panasonic (パナソニック "Panasonikku") is the principal brand name of the Japanese electronics manufacturer Panasonic Corporation. The company sells a wide range of products under the brand worldwide, including plasma and LCD televisions, DVD and Blu-ray Disc recorders and players, camcorders, telephones, vacuum cleaners, microwave ovens, shavers, projectors, digital cameras, batteries, laptop computers (under the sub-brand Toughbook), CD players and home stereo equipment, fax machines, scanners, printers, electronic white-boards, electronic components and semiconductors.   The brand uses the marketing slogan "A Better Life, A Better World".   The Panasonic brand was created by Matsushita in 1955 for the Americas region because the National brand, which was its principal brand in its home market of Japan, was already registered by others. The Panasonic brand was created from the elements "pan" - meaning "all" or "bread" - and "sonic" - meaning "sound" - because it was first used for audio equipment. Panasonic also sold the first bread machine.   On January 10, 2008, Matsushita announced that it intended to change the company name to Panasonic Corporation. The proposal to change the company's name was approved at the firm's annual shareholder's meeting on June 26 and the name took effect from October 1, 2008. In parallel the "National" brand, which had been used by the company in Japan for non-audio/visual products (mostly home appliances), was phased out and replaced with the Panasonic brand by March 2010.
Dartmouth College is a private Ivy League research university in Hanover, New Hampshire, United States. Established in 1769 by Eleazar Wheelock, it is the ninth-oldest institution of higher education in the United States and one of the nine colonial colleges chartered before the American Revolution. Although founded as a school to educate Native Americans in Christian theology and the English way of life, Dartmouth primarily trained Congregationalist ministers throughout its early history before it gradually secularized, emerging at the turn of the 20th century from relative obscurity into national prominence.   Following a liberal arts curriculum, the university provides undergraduate instruction in 40 academic departments and interdisciplinary programs including 57 majors in the humanities, social sciences, natural sciences, and engineering, and enables students to design specialized concentrations or engage in dual degree programs. Dartmouth comprises five constituent schools: the original undergraduate college, the Geisel School of Medicine, the Thayer School of Engineering, the Tuck School of Business, and the School of Graduate and Advanced Studies. The university also has affiliations with the Dartmouth–Hitchcock Medical Center, the Rockefeller Institute for Public Policy, and the Hopkins Center for the Arts. With a total student enrollment of about 6,400, Dartmouth is the smallest university in the Ivy League. Undergraduate admissions is highly competitive, with an acceptance rate of 10.4% for the Class of 2021, according to the university.
Characters in novels don't always do what the writer wants them to do. Sometimes they cause trouble, take on lives of their own, or even work against the writer. It's not just a problem for inexperienced authors: famed children's novelist Roald Dahl said he got the main character in his bookMatildaso "wrong"that when he'd finished his first version, he threw it away and started again. Of course it's not the characters' fault. The problem lies with the author. Take Stephen King, who admitted that writing working-class characters is more difficult nowadays because his own circumstances have changed. "It is definitely harder,"King said."When I wroteCarriemany years ago, I was one step away from physical labour." This is also true for characters' ages, added King."When you have small children, it is easy to write young characters because you observe them and you have them in your life all the time. But your kids grow up, it's been harder for me to write about this little 12-year-old girl in my new book because my models are gone." For other authors, such as Karen Fowler, there's one quality that can stop a character in its tracks: boredom."I had particular problems with the main character in my historical novelSister Noon,"she says."She had attitudes about race and religion that seemed appropriate to me for her time and class, but they were not attitudes I liked. Eventually I grew quite bored with her. You can write a book about a character you dislike or a character you disagree with, but I don't think you can write a book about a character who bores you." According to Neel Mukherjee, it was Adinath, a character inThe Lives of Others, who made him work the hardest."I think I struggled because it's difficult to write a character whose most prominent personal feature is weakness, as Adinath's is, without making that feature define him,"Mukherjee says. But a troublesome character is far from an unwelcome guest, he continues, arguing that "when characters work against the author they come alive and become unpredictable". "That is a fantastic thing to happen,"Mukherjee says."I celebrate it. It is one of the great, lucky gifts given to a writer."
The defense and prosecution were hammering out a plea deal Tuesday in the court-martial of Brig. Gen. Jeffrey Sinclair, but no matter what the negotiations hold, the defense says three things are off the table.   First, Sinclair won't plead guilty to sexual assault, said Josh Zeitz, a spokesman for the general's defense team. Nor will he plead guilty to any charge that will land him on a sex-offender registry. And lastly, Zeitz said, Sinclair will not plead guilty to threatening his accuser or her family.   No developments are expected Tuesday or Wednesday, and Zeitz said the negotiations could last for weeks.   Col. James Pohl, the judge in the case, dismissed the jury "for the time being" Tuesday morning to return to their duty stations, a spokeswoman for Fort Bragg in North Carolina said.   On Monday, a day when Sinclair's accuser was slated to continue her testimony from Friday, Pohl dismissed the jury because of 22 pages of e-mails that emerged over the weekend.   The e-mails include a January communication in which a senior military lawyer wrote Fort Bragg's chief of military justice casting doubt on the credibility of Sinclair's accuser and a February correspondence in which a lieutenant colonel with the Judge Advocate General's Corps asked for a colonel's "thoughts/opinion" on Sinclair's offer to enter a plea.   Pohl indicated there may have been "undue command influence" by Pentagon officials. While Pohl would not grant the defense's request to drop charges against Sinclair, he ordered that the general be provided a possible plea deal, in addition to several other options. 
Five years ago, Wang Baoqiang was a nobody to most Chinese people. However, he is now a household film star in China.   Wang is the youngest child of a poor family in Hebei province . Dreaming of becoming an actor, he left home at the age of 8 to study kung fu at Shaolin Temple, since kung-fu actors seemed to appear most often on the big screen.   At 14, he moved to Beijing for his acting career for the first time, with little money in his pocket. He worked at a construction site for 20 to 25 yuan per day, and spent his free time standing in front of the Beijing Film Studio, eager to be chosen as temporary actors.   This was the most difficult time for the boy. His opportunity finally came one day after he went for a role in the movie "Blind Shaft". He was chosen to play a young coal miner. The movie won him three prizes in Thailand, France and Taiwan. But his success didn't make any difference to his life.   That year, he went home for the Spring Festival. He gave his family his earnings from the movie, around US$250 and then returned to Beijing with 500 yuan, the same amount he had when he first set foot in the city. His life was as simple as before.   Thanks to his natural performance in "Blind Shaft," he was invited by the famous director Feng Xiaogang to act in the film "A World Without Thieves" in 2004, which made him famous   immediately. People called him "Shagen," the name of his character in the movie.   Wang's latest work, "Soldiers' Sortie" has made him the most popular actor on the Chinese mainland . For the actor, it's a dream coming true.   "Dreams come true. I think my life is exactly a course of pursuing dreams. No matter how tough one thing is, I can make it as long as I put great effort into it," he said.
Choosing to step down from a top job can be an extraordinary decision, whether the person is a pontiff or a politician. But George Pataki, former governor of New York, says making the switch from public figure to John Q. Public wasn't difficult for him.   "I made up my mind that I was never going to let my public title become my personal identity," he says. He embraced what he calls a sense of normalcy after he left office, going to movies and basketball games.   A year or two after he left office, Pataki went to Madison Square Garden with a group of friends to see the Knicks play. And he wanted to stand in line to get himself a hot dog -- something elected officials tend not to do.   "I loved it," he says. Even though fellow fans recognized him and offered to let him jump the queue, Pataki waited in line for his hot dog with mustard and sauerkraut. "I felt really good about the fact that it was just comfortable for me to be on line with the rest," he says.   Pataki decided in the middle of his third term in office that he would not seek a fourth term. He left office in 2006, after 12 years as governor.   Pope's resignation a new angle to a tough news beat   "I had no doubts that this was the right decision for me, for my family, for the team that had worked so hard with me, and for the state," he says. 
The child of today owes much of its pleasant school life to the work of Maria Montessori and others who felt as she did.   Maria Montessori was born in 1870 in northern prefix = st1 /Italy. Both her parents were well educated.   While Maria was a student, she took great interest in the study of the particular nature of the child's mind. It came to her that small children should have freedom to learn.   Maria became a doctor and a professor at RomeUniversity. In 1907, after working with backward students, she was given a chance to try out her ideas on children. There were sixty children, aged three to six, in the Children's House. The rooms were bright and color1ful. Maria let the children make their own choice of what they wanted to do and work with their own speed. They became busy, peaceful and happy.   Maria Montessori was one of the world's great teachers. She traveled in Europe, Americaand Far East. She thought that true education, providing for the real needs of the child, would produce wise and happy grown-ups and therefore a peaceful world. Her original way of education has changed our whole idea of what childhood is.   Maria Montessori died in Hollandat the age of eighty-two.
When SpongeBob SquarePants skips onto shelves in boxes of Kraft Macaroni & Cheese next year, he may be a little less, well, yellow than your kids are used to.   Kraft has revamped its character-shaped product line for 2014, according to company spokeswoman Lynne Galia. The new versions will have six additional grams of whole grains, be lower in sodium and saturated fat, and will use spices instead of artificial food dyes to recreate the pasta's famous yellow-orange color.   "Parents have told us that they would like fun Mac & Cheese varieties with the same great taste, but with improved nutrition," Galia said in an e-mail.   The company will remove Yellow No. 5 and Yellow No. 6 from boxes containing pasta shaped like SpongeBob SquarePants and those with Halloween and winter shapes. Two new shapes of the popular pasta -- Nickelodeon's Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles and "How to Train Your Dragon 2" from Dreamworks -- will also be free of food coloring, Galia said.   Check out Eatocracy's recipe for homemade Mac & Cheese   The Center for Science in the Public Interest hailed Kraft's decision on Friday. Michael Jacobson, the center's executive director, said he is pleased with the announcement but is "puzzled" as to why Kraft would not change its iconic elbow-shaped macaroni product as well.   "As Kraft has today shown, it is clearly possible to make macaroni and cheese without these harmful chemicals," Jacobson said in a statement.   The company tries to offer a wide variety of choices to consumers, Galia responded. "Making ingredient changes isn't as simple as it would seem," she said. "All of the ingredients must work together to deliver the distinctive taste, appearance and texture consumers expect and love from Original KRAFT Mac & Cheese. Our fans have made it clear they won't settle for anything less." 
Ontario, one of the 13 provinces and territories of Canada, is located in east-central Canada. It is Canada's most populous province accounting for nearly 40 percent of the country's population, and is the second-largest province in total area. Ontario is fourth-largest in total area when the territories of the Northwest Territories and Nunavut are included. It is home to the nation's capital city, Ottawa, and the nation's most populous city, Toronto.   Ontario is bordered by the province of Manitoba to the west, Hudson Bay and James Bay to the north, and Quebec to the east and northeast, and to the south by the U.S. states of (from west to east) Minnesota, Michigan, Ohio, Pennsylvania and New York. Almost all of Ontario's border with the United States follows inland waterways: from the west at Lake of the Woods, eastward along the major rivers and lakes of the Great Lakes/Saint Lawrence River drainage system. These are the Rainy River, the Pigeon River, Lake Superior, the St. Marys River, Lake Huron, the St. Clair River, Lake St. Clair, the Detroit River, Lake Erie, the Niagara River, Lake Ontario and along the St. Lawrence River from Kingston, Ontario, to the Quebec boundary just east of Cornwall, Ontario. There is only about of land border made up of portages including Height of Land Portage on the Minnesota border.
The United States Air Force (USAF) is the aerial warfare service branch of the United States Armed Forces and one of the seven American uniformed services. Initially part of the United States Army, the USAF was formed as a separate branch of the military on 18 September 1947 under the National Security Act of 1947. It is the most recent branch of the U.S. military to be formed, and is the largest and one of the world's most technologically advanced air forces. The USAF articulates its core functions as Nuclear Deterrence Operations, Special Operations, Air Superiority, Global Integrated ISR, Space Superiority, Command and Control, Cyberspace Superiority, Personnel Recovery, Global Precision Attack, Building Partnerships, Rapid Global Mobility and Agile Combat Support.   The U.S. Air Force is a military service organized within the Department of the Air Force, one of the three military departments of the Department of Defense. The Air Force is headed by the civilian Secretary of the Air Force, who reports to the Secretary of Defense, and is appointed by the President with Senate confirmation. The highest-ranking military officer in the Department of the Air Force is the Chief of Staff of the Air Force, who exercises supervision over Air Force units, and serves as a member of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. Air Force combat and mobility forces are assigned, as directed by the Secretary of Defense, to the Combatant Commanders, and neither the Secretary of the Air Force nor the Chief of Staff have operational command authority over them.
Lebanon, officially known as the Lebanese Republic, is a sovereign state in Western Asia. It is bordered by Syria to the north and east and Israel to the south, while Cyprus is west across the Mediterranean Sea. Lebanon's location at the crossroads of the Mediterranean Basin and the Arabian hinterland facilitated its rich history and shaped a cultural identity of religious and ethnic diversity. At just 10,452 km (4,036 sq. mi.), it is the smallest recognized country on the entire mainland Asian continent.   The earliest evidence of civilization in Lebanon dates back more than seven thousand years, predating recorded history. Lebanon was the home of the Canaanites/Phoenicians and their kingdoms, a maritime culture that flourished for over a thousand years (c. 1550–539 BC). In 64 BC, the region came under the rule of the Roman Empire, and eventually became one of the Empire's leading centers of Christianity. In the Mount Lebanon range a monastic tradition known as the Maronite Church was established. As the Arab Muslims conquered the region, the Maronites held onto their religion and identity. However, a new religious group, the Druze, established themselves in Mount Lebanon as well, generating a religious divide that has lasted for centuries. During the Crusades, the Maronites re-established contact with the Roman Catholic Church and asserted their communion with Rome. The ties they established with the Latins have influenced the region into the modern era.
New Brunswick is one of Canada's three Maritime provinces (together with Prince Edward Island and Nova Scotia) and is the only constitutionally bilingual (English–French) province. The principal cities are Fredericton, the capital, Greater Moncton, currently the largest metropolitan (CMA) area and the most populous city, and the port city of Saint John, which was the first incorporated city in Canada and largest in the province for 231 years until 2016.   In the Canada 2016 Census, Statistics Canada estimated the provincial population to have been 747,101, down very slightly from 751,171 in 2011, on an area of almost 73,000 km. The majority of the population is English-speaking of Anglo and Celtic heritage, but there is also a large Francophone minority (31%), chiefly of Acadian origin. It was created as a result of the partitioning of the British colony of Nova Scotia in 1784 with the capital in Saint John before being moved up river. The name 'New Brunswick' was chosen by King George III despite local recommendations for the name to be 'New Ireland'. The provincial flag features a ship superimposed on a yellow background with a yellow "lion passant guardant" on red pennon above it.   The province is named after the city of Braunschweig ("" in English and Low German) in the former Duchy of Brunswick-Lüneburg, what is now Lower Saxony in northern Germany. The then-colony was named in 1784 to honour the reigning British monarch, George III, who was concurrently Duke and prince-elector of Brunswick-Lüneburg ("Hanover") in the Holy Roman Empire.
Denied a proper buildup to the Australian Open for the second year in a row, Maria Sharapova has taken out her injury frustrations on some of the host country's most promising young male tennis players.   The planet's highest-paid female athlete will line up in Melbourne for the 10th time next week, confident she has overcome the neck problem that ruled her out of the Brisbane International earlier this month.   The world No. 2, who was hampered by an ankle injury before going on to lose last year's final, will play 105th-ranked fellow Russian Olga Puchkova in her opening match.   "I would have loved to come in with a few matches, but sometimes circumstances don't allow that," she told reporters on Saturday, having earlier presented the global launch of her new candy line "Sugarpova."   "To me I'd rather be going on to the court knowing that I'm healthy. Yes, I might be a little bit rusty, but I'll work my way through it. I'm experienced enough to know the adjustments I have to make in those types of circumstances. I went to Brisbane. I certainly would have loved to step on court and play those matches."   Instead the 25-year-old, who won the season's opening grand slam in 2008, got into shape with matches against male opposition.   "I think one of them got a wildcard in the main draw," Sharapova said. "One of them was really on top and then I got really mad. I think he had eight set-points and I ended up winning the set. 
In Christianity, an archbishop (, via Latin "archiepiscopus", from Greek , from -, "chief", and , "bishop") is a bishop of higher rank or office. In some cases, like the Lutheran Church of Sweden, it is the denomination leader title. Like popes, patriarchs, metropolitans, cardinal bishops, diocesan bishops, and suffragan bishops, archbishops are in the highest of the three traditional orders of bishops, priests, also called presbyters, and deacons. An archbishop may be granted the title, or ordained as chief pastor of a metropolitan see or another episcopal see to which the title of archbishop is attached.   Episcopal sees are generally arranged in groups in which the bishop who is the ordinary of one of them has certain powers and duties of oversight over the other sees. He is known as the metropolitan archbishop of that see. In the Roman Catholic Church, canon 436 of the Code of Canon Law indicates what these powers and duties are for a Latin Rite metropolitan archbishop, while those of the head of an autonomous ("sui iuris") Eastern Catholic Church are indicated in canon 157 of the Code of Canons of the Eastern Churches.   As well as the much more numerous metropolitan sees, there are 77 Roman Catholic sees that have archiepiscopal rank. In some cases, such a see is the only one in a country, such as Luxembourg or Monaco, too small to be divided into several dioceses so as to form an ecclesiastical province. In others, the title of archdiocese is for historical reasons attributed to a see that was once of greater importance.
Danny lived for football. He played it, watched it, talked and dreamed about it. His favourite football star was Keith Connolly - Lowgate's captain. One day in January, after school, Danny hurried through his homework. He wanted to watch TV. Keith Connolly was doing an interview on the local news programme. Danny hoped that the television wouldn't go fuzzy*or lose the sound when Keith Connolly was talking. It was an old set, and it did things like that. It wasn't clear enough, but at last Keith Connolly's smiling face appeared on the screen. "What I really like about playing for Lowgate," he said, "is the fans. They're the best. They always support us. It's wonderful running on to the playground to all that cheering and chanting." Danny wished he could be in that crowd at the Lowgate ground, but the price of a single ticket was far above anything he could afford. There was no chance of the whole family going, or even just Danny and his little brother. "You won again on Saturday," said the reporter. "Did the team go out to celebrate?" "We went for a meal together," said Keith Connolly, "but I have to be careful about what I eat, because I want to stay fit. I love doughnuts* very much ..." Then the sound went fuzzy, and Danny jumped up and _ the top of the set heavily to make it come on again. He hadn't missed much. But he had missed something important. Keith Connolly had been saying "... but I'm not allowed to eat doughnuts." Danny hadn't heard that. All he heard was that Keith Connolly loved doughnuts. And at the end of Danny's street was a bakery*. It sold the biggest and the best doughnuts! When Danny went to bed, he lay wide-awake, making a plan.
In chemistry, pH () (potential of hydrogen) is a numeric scale used to specify the acidity or basicity of an aqueous solution. It is approximately the negative of the base 10 logarithm of the molar concentration, measured in units of moles per liter, of hydrogen ions. More precisely it is the negative of the logarithm to base 10 of the activity of the hydrogen ion. Solutions with a pH less than 7 are acidic and solutions with a pH greater than 7 are basic. Pure water is neutral, at pH 7 (25°C), being neither an acid nor a base. Contrary to popular belief, the pH value can be less than 0 or greater than 14 for very strong acids and bases respectively.   pH measurements are important in agronomy, medicine, biology, chemistry, agriculture, forestry, food science, environmental science, oceanography, civil engineering, chemical engineering, nutrition, water treatment and water purification, as well as many other applications.   The pH scale is traceable to a set of standard solutions whose pH is established by international agreement. Primary pH standard values are determined using a concentration cell with transference, by measuring the potential difference between a hydrogen electrode and a standard electrode such as the silver chloride electrode. The pH of aqueous solutions can be measured with a glass electrode and a pH meter, or an indicator.
Conan O'Brien suggested in a statement Tuesday that he will not accept NBC's proposal to move him and "The Tonight Show," which he's hosted for seven months, to 12:05 a.m. ET.   NBC has proposed moving "The Tonight Show" from its traditional 11:35 p.m. slot so that the show's former host, Jay Leno, could host a half-hour show then.   "My staff and I have worked unbelievably hard and we are very proud of our contribution to the legacy of 'The Tonight Show.' But I cannot participate in what I honestly believe is its destruction," O'Brien said. "Some people will make the argument that with DVRs and the Internet a time slot doesn't matter. But with the Tonight Show, I believe nothing could matter more.   "There has been speculation about my going to another network but, to set the record straight, I currently have no other offer and honestly have no idea what happens next. My hope is that NBC and I can resolve this quickly so that my staff, crew, and I can do a show we can be proud of, for a company that values our work."   Read O'Brien's full statement   After Leno left "The Tonight Show" last year -- as part of an agreement reached six years ago giving it to O'Brien -- he began hosting "The Jay Leno Show" for NBC in the fall, airing at 10 p.m. ET.   But ratings for the 10 p.m. show were low, and on Sunday, NBC announced that it was taking Leno out of the prime-time slot because the show "didn't meet affiliates' needs" despite performing at acceptable levels for the network. The last show will air February 11 to make way for the 2010 Winter Olympics, which airs starting February 12. 
American Idol is an American singing competition series created by Simon Fuller and produced by 19 Entertainment, and is distributed by FremantleMedia North America. It began airing on Fox on June 11, 2002, as an addition to the Idols format based on the British series Pop Idol and has since become one of the most successful shows in the history of American television. The concept of the series is to find new solo recording artists, with the winner being determined by the viewers in America. Winners chosen by viewers through telephone, Internet, and SMS text voting were Kelly Clarkson, Ruben Studdard, Fantasia Barrino, Carrie Underwood, Taylor Hicks, Jordin Sparks, David Cook, Kris Allen, Lee DeWyze, Scotty McCreery, Phillip Phillips, Candice Glover, Caleb Johnson, and Nick Fradiani.   American Idol employs a panel of judges who critique the contestants' performances. The original judges were record producer and music manager Randy Jackson, pop singer and choreographer Paula Abdul and music executive and manager Simon Cowell. The judging panel for the most recent season consisted of country singer Keith Urban, singer and actress Jennifer Lopez, and jazz singer Harry Connick, Jr. The show was originally hosted by radio personality Ryan Seacrest and comedian Brian Dunkleman, with Seacrest continuing on for the rest of the seasons.
My Left Foot (1989) Imagine being a prisoner of your own body, unable to make any movements except to move your left foot. The main character in My Left Foot, based on the real story of cerebral palsy sufferer Christy Brown, can barely move his mouth to speak, but by controlling his left foot, he's able to express himself as an artist and poet. For his moving performance of Brown, Daniel Lewis won his first Academy Award for best actor. Shine (1996) Do you have a talent you're afraid to share with the world? David Helfgott seemed meant from childhood to be "one of the truly great pianists," but the pressures of performing (and pleasing his father) resulted in a complete breakdown. Ten years in a mental institution didn't weaken Helfgott's musical gift: When he was rediscovered, he was playing concertos in a bar. Shine received s even Oscar nominations , and Geoffrey Rush won best actor for his performance of Helfgott. Life Is Beautiful (1997) Nothing's more powerful than the love between a parent and a child. In this heartbreaking Italian film, a father (Roberto Benigni) makes an unbelievable sacrifice for his 4-year-old son: trapped in a Nazi concentration camp in 1945, the Jewish man convinces his boy that they are playing a complicated game. He manages to spare him the horror of the terrible war, and even in his final moments of life, keeps his son smiling and hopeful. Benigni won the best actor Oscar. Stand and Deliver (1988) Few people can inspire us more than a good teacher. Jaime Escalante (Edward James Olmos got Oscar nomination for best actor) is a great one. Employed at a high school where kids are expected to fail, Escalante challenges his math students to struggle for better things, like getting good grades in the AP exam. Despite the obstacles in their lives, the classmates accomplish their goals, thanks to Mr. Escalante's support. The real Jaime Escalante, the Best Teacher in America, says that Stand and Deliver is " 90% truth, 10% drama."
The University of British Columbia, commonly referred to as UBC, is a public research university with campuses and facilities in British Columbia, Canada. Founded in 1908 as the McGill University College of British Columbia, the university became independent and adopted its current name in 1915. It is British Columbia's oldest institution of higher learning and has over 60,000 students at its Vancouver and Okanagan Valley campuses. Most students are enrolled in five larger faculties: Arts, Science, Applied Science, UBC Faculty of Medicine and the Sauder School of Business. UBC's Vancouver campus is within the University Endowment Lands, about west of Downtown Vancouver. The Okanagan campus, acquired in 2005, is in Kelowna.   According to the annual rankings compiled by "Maclean's" and "U.S. News and World Report", the university consistently ranks among the top three research universities nationwide. In 2015, "U.S. News and World Report" and "Times Higher Education" ranked UBC among the 20 best public universities worldwide. With an annual research budget valued at $600 million, UBC funds 8,442 projects as of 2014. Faculty, alumni and researchers have received seven Nobel Prizes, 69 Rhodes Scholarships, 65 Olympic medals, 8 memberships in the American Academy of Arts & Sciences and 208 fellowships to the Royal Society of Canada. The university has also educated three Canadian prime ministers, most recently Justin Trudeau, the current prime minister.
One sunny morning, Stewart chose to go to the beach. He knew that a rainstorm was going to arrive on Saturday and wanted to enjoy some sun before it arrived.   Stewart laid on his belly and began reading his newspaper. As he was enjoying the sun and the newspaper, he saw a bug crawl across his blanket. At first Stewart thought it was an ant, but the bug was moving too slowly to be an ant. As Stewart leaned in for a closer look, the bug cried out, "Excuse me, sir! Can you help me?" Stewart was surprised and jumped to his feet. "You can talk!" he shouted. "Yes," said the bug. "Please help me! As you might know, there is a rainstorm coming into town. Unfortunately, I do not have a place to call home. I need to find somewhere to sleep before the rain washes me away!" Stewart felt sad. "Gee," he cried. "That sounds terrible!"   Stewart thought about the problem. "Perhaps you can stay at my house," he said. The bug jumped for joy and said, "Oh, that would be wonderful!" The two traveled back to Stewart's house and the bug found a soft spot to sleep.   The next day, the sky had darkened and rain clouds appeared all over town. Just as the news had said, a rainstorm had arrived. When Stewart woke up, he looked for the bug but could not find him. Then, he saw something flying around his house. "Thank you for letting me sleep here last night," said the butterfly. It was the bug! "I knew I could not change into a butterfly if I was out in the rain. I won't forget your kindness." After speaking, the butterfly flew away. Stewart stood in his doorway and shouted, "Goodbye!"
"Keep an eye on Esther. I'll be back in a second," Joy Warren said to her three-year-old son Stephen, who was sitting in the back of the Buick. She didn't like leaving the children alone in the car, but the baby was sleeping soundly. And it would only be a moment.   She had hardly walked 40 yards when she saw the car moving. It headed straight towards the river. Unable to swim, Joy shouted, "My babies are in that car!"   Daniel Whitehead, a 17-year-old student, was walking by the river when the Buick crashed into the water just yards ahead .Without thinking, Daniel jumped in. Though a competitive swimmer, he was shocked by the icy chill.   Two minutes earlier, Skip Womack had pulled to a halt as the Buick ran in front of him. Now seeing it hit the water and hearing Joy's cries, Skip got out of his truck and jumped into the water. He had only one thought: If I don't get them out, they'll drown.   Daniel reached the car and grabbed a door handle. But the water was only four inches beneath the window, and the door wouldn't open. With one powerful punch, Daniel and Skip broke a window. Daniel reached inside and lifted Stephen out. He placed him on his back and set out for shore. At the same time, Skip squeezed himself through the window .He managed to free Esther from beneath her seat belt. After he got out of the car with the baby, he held her over the water and swam toward the shore. All this took place just seconds before the Buick disappeared beneath the water.   Later, driving home, Skip thought of his wife and children--how close he'd come to leaving them behind. He thought of the miracle he'd lived through, and how two children were still alive because he and Daniel happened to be in the right place at the right time.
The Chinese-born American architect Ieoh Ming Pei is one of the most creative architects of our times. He has incorporated both eastern and western ideas into his designs.   Ieoh Ming Pei was born in Guangzhou, China on April 26, 1917. His father was a famous banker. In 1935, at the age of 17, he came to the United States to study architecture at Massachusetts Institute of Technology. In 1942, he entered the Harvard Graduate School of Design.   In 1964, Jacqueline Kennedy selected Pei to design the Kennedy library. After that he became well-known all over the world. People named it one of the Ten Best Buildings in the United States. In 1968, Pei started work on the East Wing of the National Gallery of Art, in Washington D.C. Over one million people visited the building during its first 50 days in existence.   Following the East Wing project Pei's fame has continued to grow widely. In 1983, French President commissioned Pei to help make the Louvre more modern. Ten years later, the completion of Pei's glass pyramid at the Louvre created a new historic landmark for Paris. Pei described it as, "the greatest challenge and greatest accomplishment of my career." At Fragrant Hill, a 300-room hotel in the Chinese capital, Pei has attempted to bring to his native China his often-quoted "third way of making buildings." Avoiding both a complete copying of traditional Chinese motifs as well as the modernism of the West, Pei has managed, at Fragrant Hill, to make one of his most eloquent statements.   Pei has designed nearly 50 projects in the United States and abroad. About half of these projects have won major awards. Pei has been awarded the highest honors from nations over the world. In 1990, Pei was awarded the Medal of Freedom by President George Bush for his contributions to world peace and service to the US government.
Do you want to know something about children in Africa? What to they do for fun every day? Find out here: Education School is expensive for many African children. Lots of families can't afford school uniforms or exercise books even though they don't have to pay for school. For those lucky enough to go to school , they have a lot to learn. Some take two language classes: English or French, and their first language. There is also math, science, history, social studies and geography. _ take up much of children's time after school. They have to get water and firewood for the family every day. Also there's cleaning , washing and helping Mum with the meal. Daily fun It's not all work and no play. Sports are very popular. Children can make goals with twigs ( )and their own footballs with plastic and bits of string ( ). They play in the country and the streets of old towns. There're many football teams for teenagers in Africa. Internet It's really expensive to get on the Internet. To surf the net for 20 hours costs over 600yuan. This is more than the average monthly pay per person. Egypt and South Africa are the top two users of the Internet in Africa. All of the capital cities there can get on the Internet. Some schools offer computer lessons but few students can enjoy computer fun at home.
Fernando Alonso savored the sweet taste of victory in front of his home fans after kickstarting his Formula One title bid with a commanding victory in Sunday's Spanish Grand Prix.   The two-time world champion won by more than nine seconds from Lotus' Kimi Raikkonen after starting from fifth on the grid, as he reduced his deficit behind overall leader Sebastian Vettel to 17 points.   "It's very special winning at home, it doesn't matter how many times you do, it's always like starting from zero," said the 31-year-old, whose only other victory at the Circuit de Catalunya was back in 2006 in the same season he won his second world title with Renault.   "It was fantastically emotional and the fans really helped because you feel the support from everyone.   "The last laps are very long because you want the race to finish as soon as possible, but I'm very happy for the team."   F1 interactive: Latest results and standings   It was a good day for Ferrari, as Felipe Massa bounced back from the three-place grid penalty that dropped him to ninth at the start, with the Brazilian claiming third on the podium ahead of Vettel and the German's Red Bull teammate Mark Webber.   "I was a little disappointed after qualifying yesterday, but the race was very good for us and we were very aggressive," Massa said.   "We struggled a bit on the tires to survive in a good way -- and the race was very good for us."   Alonso, who made a flying start, had four pit stops as opposed to the three of Raikkonen due to an early puncture but was able to take the checkered flag for the 32nd time in his career to move above Lewis Hamilton into third place overall. 
Right-wing U.S. Republicans are up in arms over Cuba again. Their ostensible cause for concern is last week's visit to the island by Beyoncé and Jay-Z, who were photographed in Havana, apparently celebrating their wedding anniversary.   Read more: Lawmakers ask why Beyoncé and Jay-Z went to Cuba   These blinkered conservatives need to get over themselves. The 60-year stand-off between the U.S. and Cuba is absurd. It is counterproductive and harmful to both countries. It is time to end this Cold War anachronism, kiss and make up.   Anger over Beyoncé's supposed breach of the U.S. embargo rules restricting American citizens' travel to Cuba is symbolic of a deeper fear among right-wingers. Two key factors have changed since the days -- not so long ago -- when Washington seemed to be regularly threatening the Castro government with Iraq-style overthrow.   One is that George W. Bush has been replaced by a Democrat. As Barack Obama enters his second and final term, immune to electoral imperatives, conservatives worry he may use his freedom of action to effect an historic rapprochement with Cuba. American liberals certainly believe he should do so.   The second change is in Cuba itself, where the government, now led by Fidel Castro's brother, Raoul, has embarked on a cautious program of reform. The government -- dubbed the world's longest-running dictatorship by the American right -- has even set a date for its own dissolution.   Doing what "dictators" rarely do, Raoul Castro announced in February that in 2018, he would hand over power and that any successor would be subject to term limits. The Castro brothers have reportedly chosen a career communist, first vice president Miguel Diaz-Canel, to succeed them. But in reality, once their grip on power is relaxed, anything may happen. 
(CNN)If you want him to stay, you're going to have to pay Sly Stone.   That's the $5 million message from jurors in California regarding the soul-funk music icon, known for classic Sly and the Family Stone hits such as "Everyday People, " "If You Want Me to Stay," "Dance to the Music" and "Family Affair."   On Tuesday, a Los Angeles Superior Court civil jury found for Stone in his breach-of-contract lawsuit against Even St. Productions, manager Jerry Goldstein and attorney Glenn Stone, awarding him $5 million in royalties and damages.   "This is one for the good guys," Los Angles trial lawyer Nicholas Hornberger said. "These people cheated him and took all his money."   In his lawsuit, Stone (whose legal name is Sylvester Stewart) alleged that Goldstein and Glenn Stone "without the permission of Sly Stone, have received, borrowed, and continue to receive millions of dollars in royalties or derived from royalties," according to the Los Angeles Times.   "They would give him a little money so he would sign stuff," Hornberger said. "They had him sign all sorts of complicated contracts he would never understand, and he just wanted to make music. They just wanted his royalties."   By 2011, Stone was reportedly homeless, living out of a van. He had sued Goldstein in 2010, accusing him of stealing his royalties.   Attorney Gregory Bodell, who represents Goldstein and Glenn Stone, said his clients plan to appeal.   "We are disappointed with the verdict, and we believe the jury didn't understand" all of the evidence, Bodell said. "It's plain to me from the jury award, evidence and other information I've received subsequently" that the jury miscalculated the verdict, he said. 
Would you like to go to Beijing, our capital? It's far away from Guangdong. It's 2313 kilometers from Beijing to Guangdong. The city of Kunming is 2216 kilometers away from Guangdong. It's always very warm there. But it's very hot in summer in Wuhan. It's 1084 kilometers from Guangdong to Wuhan. Changsha is near Guangdong. It's 726 kilometers from Changsha to Guangdong. Do you know which city is the biggest in China? It's Shanghai. It's 1811 kilometers from Guangdong to Shanghai. If you travel by air, you'll find it very interesting and fast enough to fly from Guangdong to Beijing. It only takes you about four hours and you'll get there easily, safely and unhurriedly .But traveling by train is quite different. You have to stay on the train for over thirty hours to arrive in Beijing. More and more people like to travel by air. You can see why, can't you?
Elite sprinters Tyson Gay and Asafa Powell tested positive for banned substances on a day of shame for athletics.   Gay, a former world champion from the U.S., said Sunday he was told by the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency that an A sample from an out of competition test taken in May came back positive.   Later Sunday, Powell, a former world-record holder from Jamaica, said he was caught for using the banned stimulant oxilofrine that showed up in a test at last month's Jamaican trials.   Jamaica's Sherone Simpson, too, revealed she was caught for doping.   Gay didn't name the substance found in his system and added that he never knowingly took performance-enhancing drugs. He pulled out of next month's world championships in Russia.   "I don't have a sabotage story," Gay was quoted as saying by Reuters. "I basically put my trust in someone and was let down. I made a mistake.   "I know exactly what went on, but I can't discuss it right now."   Gay and Powell, both 30, become the second and third high-profile track stars in a month to be embroiled in a doping scandal.   Two-time Olympic 200-meter champion Veronica Campbell-Brown was provisionally suspended in June after she tested positive for a banned substance.   The Jamaican sprinter reportedly had traces of a banned diuretic, which is used as a masking agent, in a sample she provided to testers at Jamaica's International Invitational World Challenge in May.   British newspaper The Guardian reported the banned diuretic was from a cream she was using in an attempt to recover from a leg injury. 
Isn't it cool to surf in summer? You catch a wave and enjoy the ride. Surfing is not only our favorite sport, though. A group of penguins enjoy the sport as much as we do. And they show their excitement and skills in the new animated film --Surf`s Up, which came out on June 6, in the US.   Cody loves the sport. Cody's idol is Big Z, a great penguin surfing king. Cody doesn't like his brother and his mother who are not supportive. He really wants to get away. Cody believes that winning a surfing competition will bring him admiration and respect. When Mikey Abromowitz, a talent scout , comes to Antarctica to look for talented penguins for a surfing competition, Cody's really excited, but during his show there are no waves and he _ . But he knows he can't give up. He runs after Mikey's whale and begs until Mikey agrees to take him.   There Cody meets Lani, the island's beautiful lifeguard, as well as his main rival , the surfing champion Evans. The cocky Evans shows no respect for Big Z, which makes Cody angry. For this, he challenges Evans to a surfing match, only to suffer a terrible defeat.   Lani takes Cody to the island doctor. As they spend time together, Cody realizes that this doctor is really Big Z himself. When he learns this, Cody begs him to train him and make him a better surfer.   Cody begins to find his own way. Cody improves his skills with the help of Big Z and discovers that a true winner isn't always the one who comes in first.
If you can believe it, it's been 25 years since Edward James Olmos portrayed real-life math teacher Jaime Escalante in "Stand and Deliver." Escalante, a Bolivian immigrant, taught in a tough East L.A. high school and pushed his lowest-achieving students to learn calculus. The inspirational role won Olmos a Golden Globe and garnered him an Academy Award nomination for best actor, a first for an American-born Latino.   Since then, he's played memorable roles, such as Lt. Martin Castillo in "Miami Vice," Abraham Quintanilla in the film "Selena" and William Adama in "Battlestar Galactica."   Now, in his newest role as executive producer and actor in "Filly Brown," he plays lawyer named Leandro who tries to help Mexican-American hip-hop artist Maria Jose 'Majo' Tonorio, aka Filly Brown, and her family get her mom out of jail. The late Jenni Rivera plays the part of Majo's mother MarÃ­a and Lou Diamond Philips plays the father who takes care of Majo and her younger sister.   Olmos took some time to talk to CNN about the genuine portrayal of Jaime Escalante, what Latinos can do to make it in Hollywood and why Filly Brown's story needs to be told.   It's been 25 years since "Stand and Deliver" premiered in theaters. Did you ever imagine that the movie would be so successful and influential as it's been?   I don't think anyone could've predicted that. Teachers use (it) as part of their curriculum. Millions of kids see it every year. That's why the movie is so well seen. It's amazing what that movie has done with the youth. I don't think anyone could have guessed that it would be used the way it's being used. It continues to be inspirational. 
Risking their lives to help disadvantaged Afghans became almost a norm for Tom and Libby Little.   "We raised our three daughters through what was, at times, just hell," Libby Little said. "A hundred rockets a day was a good day."   Family members lived underground to avoid bombings, she said. Yet they stayed out of a love for the people and a passion for providing eye care for the needy.   But violence prevailed on Thursday.   Tom Little, a New York optometrist, was among 10 people killed by gunmen in Badakhshan, a remote northeastern region of the country. The mostly foreign members of a medical team were robbed and shot one-by-one on a remote road. Their bodies were transferred to Kabul early Sunday, authorities said.   The Taliban claimed responsibility for the attack.   "He died right where he loved to be -- and that was doing eye care in remote areas," Little said from her home in New York. "Our daughters are missing him terribly. But I think their feeling is, too, that this is a real passion that he had."   More than 400 people gathered Sunday at Loudonville Community Church in Loudonville, New York, to honor Little. The church supported his trip financially and emotionally.   "Four weeks ago, Tom Little stood right here," an emotional Stan Key, senior pastor, told the congregation.   The church had printed Wednesday in its weekly worship guide, "Praise the Lord that Tom's ministry in conducting outpatient clinics ... in a remote village was successful. God protected Tom and his team." Key said he decided to leave it in the guide even after hearing the news of Little's death. 
Neptune is the eighth and farthest known planet from the Sun in the Solar System. It is the fourth-largest planet by diameter and the third-largest by mass. Among the giant planets in the Solar System, Neptune is the most dense. Neptune is 17 times the mass of Earth and is slightly more massive than its near-twin Uranus, which is 15 times the mass of Earth and slightly larger than Neptune.[c] Neptune orbits the Sun once every 164.8 years at an average distance of 30.1 astronomical units (4.50×109 km). Named after the Roman god of the sea, its astronomical symbol is ♆, a stylised version of the god Neptune's trident.   Neptune is not visible to the unaided eye and is the only planet in the Solar System found by mathematical prediction rather than by empirical observation. Unexpected changes in the orbit of Uranus led Alexis Bouvard to deduce that its orbit was subject to gravitational perturbation by an unknown planet. Neptune was subsequently observed with a telescope on 23 September 1846 by Johann Galle within a degree of the position predicted by Urbain Le Verrier. Its largest moon, Triton, was discovered shortly thereafter, though none of the planet's remaining known 14 moons were located telescopically until the 20th century. The planet's distance from Earth gives it a very small apparent size, making it challenging to study with Earth-based telescopes. Neptune was visited by Voyager 2, when it flew by the planet on 25 August 1989. The advent of Hubble Space Telescope and large ground-based telescopes with adaptive optics has recently allowed for additional detailed observations from afar.
A man stranded after his car plunged down a steep embankment in the Angeles National Forest survived for six days by eating leaves and drinking water from a creek, authorities said Friday.   David J. Lavau, 67, of Lake Hughes, California, was found in a ravine a week after losing control of his car on a rural road and plunging 500 feet down an embankment into heavy brush, according to a report by the California Highway Patrol.   Lavau, who is partially disabled, told authorities that he spent the first night in his car.   "The next morning, he exited his vehicle and observed another vehicle adjacent to his own with a deceased male driver behind the wheel," the report said. "The deceased appeared to have been there for some time."   Authorities say they have not identified the dead driver.   The case began to unfold on September 23, when Lavau failed to return home.   Lavau's family began searching for him when he failed to return home, driving the route and stopping at all the curves in the road from Castaic to his home in Lake Hughes.   While Lavau's family searched for him, he "remained at the bottom of the hill surviving on leaves and water from a nearby creek," the report said.   Lavau's son, Sean, found his father after hearing "faint yells for help on the roadway from the canyon below," according to the report.   Sean Lavau hiked to the bottom of the canyon to find his father, the report said.   The Los Angeles County Fire Department rescued Lavau and his son from the ravine. Lavau was taken to an area hospital where he was treated for moderate injuries, the report said. 
Rajasthan (/ˈrɑːdʒəstæn/ Hindustani pronunciation: [raːdʒəsˈt̪ʰaːn] ( listen); literally, "Land of Kings") is India's largest state by area (342,239 square kilometres (132,139 sq mi) or 10.4% of India's total area). It is located on the western side of the country, where it comprises most of the wide and inhospitable Thar Desert (also known as the "Rajasthan Desert" and "Great Indian Desert") and shares a border with the Pakistani provinces of Punjab to the northwest and Sindh to the west, along the Sutlej-Indus river valley. Elsewhere it is bordered by the other Indian states: Punjab to the north; Haryana and Uttar Pradesh to the northeast; Madhya Pradesh to the southeast; and Gujarat to the southwest. Its features include the ruins of the Indus Valley Civilization at Kalibanga; the Dilwara Temples, a Jain pilgrimage site at Rajasthan's only hill station, Mount Abu, in the ancient Aravalli mountain range; and, in eastern Rajasthan, the Keoladeo National Park near Bharatpur, a World Heritage Site known for its bird life. Rajasthan is also home to two national tiger reserves, the Ranthambore National Park in Sawai Madhopur and Sariska Tiger Reserve in Alwar.
No team has ever retained the Champions League title since the competition was revamped in 1992 -- but perhaps, finally, this will be the year.   Karim Benzema ensured Real Madrid's place in the last-16 by firing his side to a 1-0 win over Liverpool to make it four wins from four.   The France international netted a 27th minute winner after Real was made to work hard against a much-changed visiting side.   Cristiano Ronaldo, who wasted a number of opportunities, was left frustrated after failing to overturn Raul's Champions League goals record.   Ronaldo remains on 70, one behind Raul, while his chief rival, Barcelona's Lionel Messi, plays tomorrow.   Messi, who has 69, faces Ajax in Amsterdam on Wednesday and could leapfrog the Portugal star.   Real's 12th successive victory was more labored than most would have expected given the side's previous encounter.   A fortnight ago, Real rolled into Anfield, a venue where it had never managed a victory, and blew LIverpool away within first 41 minutes of the contest.   Led by Ronaldo, Real scored three times in the first half before playing out the remainder of the contest in second gear.   Since then, Real has continued its fine form, defeating Barcelona in the Clasico and extending its winning streak to 11 games in succession.   Its fortunes could scarcely be any more different to those of Liverpool, a club whose season is already in danger of unraveling.   Since the departure of Luis Suarez to Barcelona, Liverpool, which finished second in the Premier League last season, has endured a dismal period in which the success of last year appears nothing but a distant memory. 
Edinburgh ( or ; ) is the capital city of Scotland and one of its 32 council areas. It is located in Lothian on the Firth of Forth's southern shore.   Recognised as the capital of Scotland since at least the 15th century, Edinburgh is home to the Scottish Parliament and the seat of the monarchy in Scotland. Historically part of Midlothian, the city has long been a centre of education, particularly in the fields of medicine, Scots law, literature, the sciences and engineering. It is the third largest financial centre in the UK after London and more recently Glasgow. The city's historical and cultural attractions have made it the United Kingdom's second most popular tourist destination after London, attracting over one million overseas visitors each year.   Edinburgh is Scotland's second most populous city and the seventh most populous in the United Kingdom. The 2016 official population estimates are 464,990 for the city of Edinburgh, 507,170 for the local authority area, and 1,339,380 for the city region as of 2014 (Edinburgh lies at the heart of the proposed Edinburgh and South East Scotland city region).   The city is the annual venue of the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland. It is home to national institutions such as the National Museum of Scotland, the National Library of Scotland and the Scottish National Gallery. The University of Edinburgh, founded in 1582 and now one of four in the city, was placed 17th in the QS World University Rankings in 2013 and 2014. The city is also famous for the Edinburgh International Festival and the Fringe, the latter being the world's largest annual international arts festival. Historic sites in Edinburgh include Edinburgh Castle, Holyrood Palace, the churches of St. Giles, Greyfriars and the Canongate, and the extensive Georgian New Town, built in the 18th century. Edinburgh's Old Town and New Town together are listed as a UNESCO World Heritage Site, which has been managed by Edinburgh World Heritage since 1999.
Constantine the Great (; ; 27 February 272 AD – 22 May 337 AD), also known as Constantine I or Saint Constantine (in the Orthodox Church as Saint Constantine the Great, Equal-to-the-Apostles), was a Roman Emperor of Illyrian-Greek origin from 306 to 337 AD. He was the son of Flavius Valerius Constantius, a Roman Army officer, and his consort Helena. His father became "Caesar", the deputy emperor in the west, in 293 AD. Constantine was sent east, where he rose through the ranks to become a military tribune under Emperors Diocletian and Galerius. In 305, Constantius raised himself to the rank of "Augustus", senior western emperor, and Constantine was recalled west to campaign under his father in Britannia (Britain). Constantine was acclaimed as emperor by the army at Eboracum (modern-day York) after his father's death in 306 AD, and he emerged victorious in a series of civil wars against Emperors Maxentius and Licinius to become sole ruler of both west and east by 324 AD.   As emperor, Constantine enacted many administrative, financial, social, and military reforms to strengthen the empire. The government was restructured, and the civil and military authorities were separated. A new gold coin was introduced to combat inflation known as the solidus. It became the standard for Byzantine and European currencies for more than a thousand years.
The Most Honourable Order of the Bath (formerly the Most Honourable Military Order of the Bath) is a British order of chivalry founded by George I on 18 May 1725. The name derives from the elaborate medieval ceremony for appointing a knight, which involved bathing (as a symbol of purification) as one of its elements. The knights so created were known as "Knights of the Bath". George I "erected the Knights of the Bath into a regular Military Order". He did not (as is commonly believed) revive the Order of the Bath, since it had never previously existed as an Order, in the sense of a body of knights who were governed by a set of statutes and whose numbers were replenished when vacancies occurred.   The Order consists of the Sovereign (currently Queen Elizabeth II), the (currently The Prince of Wales), and three Classes of members: Members belong to either the Civil or the Military Division. Prior to 1815, the order had only a single class, Knight Companion (KB), which no longer exists. Recipients of the Order are now usually senior military officers or senior civil servants. Commonwealth citizens who are not subjects of the Queen and foreign nationals may be made Honorary Members.
On a nice and sunny day, Bob and Sally walked to the beach. When they got there, the first thing they wanted to do was to look for buried treasure. To find the treasure they had brought two shovels and two buckets. They both started digging holes in the sand with their shovels. After looking very hard for treasure for an hour, they didn't find anything. This made Bob and Sally very sad. They gave up and went to play in the water. While they were playing in the water, Sally found a bottle with a little paper inside. Sally opened the bottle and found a treasure map. Sally showed the map to Bob and they started to look for the treasure. After walking every step that the map said, they started digging with their shovels. After digging a really a big hole, they found a box. They were very happy that they found it and wanted to see what was inside. Bob slowly opened the box and there was a very big pearl. Next, they ran to a special store to ask about the pearl. The worker in the store told Bob and Sally that the pearl could make them rich. Bob and Sally looked at each other and decided not to sell it. They took the pearl home and saved it in a special box, so they could remember their day at the beach.
At East China University of Science and Technology, students who finish their food in the dining hall can get a coupon when they return their tray . They can exchange coupons for small gifts, such as books, magazines, mobile phone covers and hand warmers. "It's been a big surprise," said Liang Zhaoyun, 19, a student in the university of Shanghai. "It makes us try our best to finish the food!" But some food in the dining hall is so poorly prepared that students are _ to finish it all. Some schools have paid some attention to it. "The dishes in our canteen are all right, generally speaking. We've tried our best to make it tasty. But of course it's difficult to make all the students love it." said Wang. Other universities also pay attention to the size of food. At Nanjing University, rice is divided into three different-sized bowls that students can choose from. "I like to try different dishes at each meal. So I had to throw away a lot of food because the bowls were too big. But now the dining hall offers small sizes. It's great because I can try different dishes at half price and don't waste so much food," said Fan Peng, a student from Nanjing University. But what if you really can't finish all your food? Some universities also provide a take-away service. If you can't finish all your food, you can get a box to take the leftovers home. Even if you feed the cat, it's not wasted. So you see, if we call on students not to waste food, schools should also improve the service and meal quality.
Syncretism () is the combining of different beliefs, while blending practices of various schools of thought. Syncretism involves the merging or assimilation of several originally discrete traditions, especially in the theology and mythology of religion, thus asserting an underlying unity and allowing for an inclusive approach to other faiths. Syncretism also occurs commonly in expressions of arts and culture, (known as eclecticism) as well as politics (syncretic politics).   The English word is first attested in the early 17th century, from Modern Latin "syncretismus", drawing on Greek ("synkretismos"), meaning "Cretan federation".   The Greek word occurs in Plutarch's (1st century AD) essay on "Fraternal Love" in his "Moralia" (2.490b). He cites the example of the Cretans, who compromised and reconciled their differences and came together in alliance when faced with external dangers. "And that is their so-called "Syncretism" [Union of Cretans]".   Erasmus probably coined the modern usage of the Latin word in his "Adagia" ("Adages"), published in the winter of 1517–1518, to designate the coherence of dissenters in spite of their differences in theological opinions. In a letter to Melanchthon of April 22, 1519, Erasmus specifically adduced the Cretans of Plutarch as an example of his adage "Concord is a mighty rampart".   Overt syncretism in folk belief may show cultural acceptance of an alien or previous tradition, but the "other" cult may survive or infiltrate without authorized "syncresis" nevertheless. For example, some Conversos developed a sort of cult for martyr-victims of the Spanish Inquisition, thus incorporating elements of Catholicism while resisting it.
His name is Abdullah X. His slogan: "Mind of a Scholar, Heart of a Warrior." But the star of this new animated show isn't a caped crusader battling bad guys in the streets of Gotham -- he's fighting for the hearts and minds of young Muslims everywhere.   "Abdullah X," the new Web-only cartoon series, is the tale of a young Muslim man in London who is struggling with his identity and his faith. It is a story that its creator, a former extremist who spoke to CNN on condition of anonymity, knows all too well.   "I was struggling with my own identity and sense of belonging when I was growing up -- issues around self-esteem and confidence, and where you fit in with regards to your Britishness or your Muslimness," Ahmed, as he asked to be called for this story, told CNN.   Ahmed said he spent years helping to spread and vocalize "extreme and harsh" worldviews in Britain. He saw efforts by governments and organizations to understand what was fueling anti-Western extremism as often "piecemeal and simplistic."   "Young people -- the most vulnerable groups in society -- were caught between government policy perspectives on how you combat terrorism and extremism, and this wall of shame and denial from within communities. I felt that we needed something that was going to be innovative and engaging."   So he created Abdullah X, the eponymous star of the series and an animated alter-ego that mirrors Ahmed's own journey from former extremist to someone who now hopes to steer young Muslims away from violence and extreme views. 
Veronica Campbell-Brown knows a thing or two about upsetting the odds.   The 29-year-old Jamaican sprinter has had to overcome grinding poverty to become one of the greatest Olympians her country has ever produced.   After being spotted running barefoot at a school sports day, Campbell-Brown burst on to the track and field scene when she won silver as part of Jamaica's 4x100 meters sprint team at the 2000 Sydney Olympics.   That was just the start.   She went on to win gold in the 200 meters at both the 2004 Athens and 2008 Beijing Olympics. Now she faces her toughest test at her fourth Games.   CNN Photos: On the fringe of an Olympic dream   If she emerges triumphant at London's Olympic Stadium in August, she will be the first person in history to win three consecutive gold medals in the distance. She is in good form too. Last year she ran the 100 meters in 10.76 seconds, the second quickest time in history.   CNN's Human to Hero caught up with the Trelawny-born sprinter -- who hails from the same Jamaican parish that has given the world champion men's sprinter Usain Bolt -- to talk about London 2012, her rivals and why a third gold would be the icing on the cake.   Growing up in poverty   "I have five brothers, four sisters, so you can just imagine the competition in the house. It helped me be very competitive, strong and independent," Campbell-Brown said.   "I used to race the boys and win. So I knew I had a special gift and should work on improving it. 
A local area network (LAN) is a computer network that interconnects computers within a limited area such as a residence, school, laboratory, university campus or office building. By contrast, a wide area network (WAN) not only covers a larger geographic distance, but also generally involves leased telecommunication circuits or Internet links. An even greater contrast is the Internet, which is a system of globally connected business and personal computers.   Ethernet and Wi-Fi are the two most common technologies in use for local area networks. Historical technologies include ARCNET, Token ring, and AppleTalk.   The increasing demand and use of computers in universities and research labs in the late 1960s generated the need to provide high-speed interconnections between computer systems. A 1970 report from the Lawrence Radiation Laboratory detailing the growth of their "Octopus" network gave a good indication of the situation.   A number of experimental and early commercial LAN technologies were developed in the 1970s. Cambridge Ring was developed at Cambridge University starting in 1974. Ethernet was developed at Xerox PARC in 1973–1975, and filed as . In 1976, after the system was deployed at PARC, Robert Metcalfe and David Boggs published a seminal paper, "Ethernet: Distributed Packet-Switching for Local Computer Networks". ARCNET was developed by Datapoint Corporation in 1976 and announced in 1977. It had the first commercial installation in December 1977 at Chase Manhattan Bank in New York.
Bloomberg L.P. is a privately held financial software, data, and media company headquartered in Midtown Manhattan, New York City. Bloomberg L.P. was founded by Michael Bloomberg in 1981 with the help of Thomas Secunda, Duncan MacMillan, Charles Zegar, and a 30% ownership investment by Merrill Lynch.   Bloomberg L.P. provides financial software tools such as an analytics and equity trading platform, data services, and news to financial companies and organizations through the Bloomberg Terminal (via its Bloomberg Professional Service), its core revenue-generating product. Bloomberg L.P. also includes a wire service (Bloomberg News), a global television network (Bloomberg Television), digital websites, a radio station (WBBR), subscription-only newsletters, and three magazines: "Bloomberg Businessweek", "Bloomberg Markets", and "Bloomberg Pursuits". In 2014, Bloomberg L.P. launched Bloomberg Politics, a multiplatform media property that merged the company's political news teams, and has recruited two veteran political journalists, Mark Halperin and John Heilemann, to run it.   In 1981, Salomon Brothers was acquired, and Michael Bloomberg, a general partner, was given a $10 million partnership settlement. Bloomberg, having designed in-house computerized financial systems for Salomon, used his $10 million severance check to start Innovative Market Systems (IMS). Bloomberg developed and built his own computerized system to provide real-time market data, financial calculations and other financial analytics to Wall Street firms. In 1983, Merrill Lynch invested $30 million in IMS to help finance the development of "the Bloomberg" terminal computer system and by 1984, IMS was selling machines to all of Merrill Lynch's clients.
Madeira is a Portuguese archipelago situated in the north Atlantic Ocean, southwest of Portugal. Its total population was estimated in 2011 at 267,785. The capital of Madeira is Funchal, located on the main island's south coast.   The archipelago is just under north of Tenerife, Canary Islands. Since 1976, the archipelago has been one of the two autonomous regions of Portugal (the other being the Azores, located to the northwest). It includes the islands of Madeira, Porto Santo, and the Desertas, administered together with the separate archipelago of the Savage Islands. The region has political and administrative autonomy through the Administrative Political Statue of the Autonomous Region of Madeira provided for in the Portuguese Constitution. The autonomous region is an integral part of the European Union, having pronounced status as an outermost region of the European Union, as detailed in Article 299-2 of the Treaty of the European Union.   Madeira was claimed by Portuguese sailors in the service of Prince Henry the Navigator in 1419 and settled after 1420. The archipelago is considered to be the first territorial discovery of the exploratory period of the Portuguese Age of Discovery, which extended from 1415 to 1542.   Today, it is a popular year-round resort, being visited every year by about one million tourists, three times its population. The region is noted for its Madeira wine, gastronomy, historical and cultural value, flora and fauna, landscapes (Laurel forest) which are classified as a UNESCO World Heritage Site, and embroidery artisans. Its annual New Year celebrations feature the largest fireworks show in the world, as officially recognised by "Guinness World Records" in 2006. The main harbour in Funchal is the leading Portuguese port in cruise liner dockings, being an important stopover for commercial and trans-Atlantic passenger cruises between Europe, the Caribbean and North Africa. Madeira is the second richest region of Portugal by GDP per capita, only surpassed by Lisbon.
Mali (i/ˈmɑːli/; French: [maˈli]), officially the Republic of Mali (French: République du Mali), is a landlocked country in West Africa. Mali is the eighth-largest country in Africa, with an area of just over 1,240,000 square kilometres (480,000 sq mi). The population of Mali is 14.5 million. Its capital is Bamako. Mali consists of eight regions and its borders on the north reach deep into the middle of the Sahara Desert, while the country's southern part, where the majority of inhabitants live, features the Niger and Senegal rivers. The country's economy centers on agriculture and fishing. Some of Mali's prominent natural resources include gold, being the third largest producer of gold in the African continent, and salt. About half the population lives below the international poverty line of $1.25 (U.S.) a day. A majority of the population (55%) are non-denominational Muslims.   Present-day Mali was once part of three West African empires that controlled trans-Saharan trade: the Ghana Empire, the Mali Empire (for which Mali is named), and the Songhai Empire. During its golden age, there was a flourishing of mathematics, astronomy, literature, and art. At its peak in 1300, the Mali Empire covered an area about twice the size of modern-day France and stretched to the west coast of Africa. In the late 19th century, during the Scramble for Africa, France seized control of Mali, making it a part of French Sudan. French Sudan (then known as the Sudanese Republic) joined with Senegal in 1959, achieving independence in 1960 as the Mali Federation. Shortly thereafter, following Senegal's withdrawal from the federation, the Sudanese Republic declared itself the independent Republic of Mali. After a long period of one-party rule, a coup in 1991 led to the writing of a new constitution and the establishment of Mali as a democratic, multi-party state.
(CNN)John Isner could not keep the United States in the Davis Cup on Sunday, so it was likely small consolation that his incredible tennis milestone remained unbeaten.   While the American lost to Andy Murray in Scotland, putting Great Britain into the quarterfinals of the prestigious teams event, halfway across the world an absorbing battle was playing out between two of South America's most bitter rivals.   In the end it didn't come close to matching Isner's 11-hour marathon against Nicolas Mahut at Wimbledon in 2010, but the fourth rubber in the clash between Argentina and Brazil made its own piece of history.   For six hour and 43 minutes, Leonardo Mayer and Joao Souza contested the second-longest singles match in tennis history -- and third longest of any format after a seven-hour doubles clash between Switzerland and the Czech Republic in 2013.   Mayer eventually triumphed, after his 11th match point, winning 7-6 (7-4) 7-6 (7-5) 5-7 5-7 15-13 in front of a delirious home crowd in Buenos Aires to send the tie to a deciding rubber.   It set the scene for Federico Delbonis to take on Brazil's Thomaz Bellucci in the decider -- with the winner to earn a clash with Novak Djokovic's Serbia, a 5-0 victor over Balkan rival Croatia.   Delbonis had won the first set 6-3 when play was halted for the day due to bad light. The match will resume on Monday.   Meanwhile, back in Glasgow, the British team celebrated after earning a home quarterfinal clash with France on July 17-19, the weekend after the completion of Wimbledon. 
We know the famous ones--the Thomas Edisons and the Alexander Graham Bells--but what about the less famous inventors? What about the people who invented the traffic light and the windshield wiper ? Shouldn't we know who they are?   Joan Mclean thinks so.In fact,Mclean,a professor of physics at Mountain University in Range,feels so strongly about this matter that she's developed a course on the topic.In addition to learning"who"invented"what",however,Mclean also likes her students to learn the answers to the"why''and''how"questions.According to Mclean."When students learn the answers to these questions,they are better prepared to recognize opportunities for inventing and more motivated to give inventing a try.''   Her students agree.One young man with a patent for an unbreakable umbrella is walking proof of McLean's statement."If I had not heard the story of the windshield wiper's invention,"said Tommy Lee, a senior physics major,"I never would have dreamed of turning my bad experience during a rainstorm into something so constructive."Lee is currently negotiating to sell his patent to an umbrella producer.   So,just what is the story behind the windshield wiper Well,Mary Anderson came up with the idea in 1902 after a visit to New York City.The day was cold and stormy,but Anderson still wanted to see the sights,so she jumped aboard a streetcar.Noticing that the driver was struggling to see through the snow covering the windshield,she found herself wondering why there couldn't be a built--in device for cleaning the window.Still wondering about this when she returned home to Birmingham,Alabama, Anderson started drafting out solutions.One of her ideas,a lever on the inside of a vehicle that would control an arm on the outside,became the first windshield wiper.   Today we benefit from countless inventions and innovations.It's hard to imagine driving without Garrett A.Morgan's traffic light.It's equally impossible to picture a world without Katherine J.Blodgett's innovation that makes glass invisible.Can you picture life without clear windows and eyeglasses?
In mathematics and mathematical logic, Boolean algebra is the branch of algebra in which the values of the variables are the truth values "true" and "false", usually denoted 1 and 0 respectively. Instead of elementary algebra where the values of the variables are numbers, and the prime operations are addition and multiplication, the main operations of Boolean algebra are the conjunction "and" denoted as ∧, the disjunction "or" denoted as ∨, and the negation "not" denoted as ¬. It is thus a formalism for describing logical relations in the same way that ordinary algebra describes numeric relations.   Boolean algebra was introduced by George Boole in his first book "The Mathematical Analysis of Logic" (1847), and set forth more fully in his "An Investigation of the Laws of Thought" (1854). According to Huntington, the term "Boolean algebra" was first suggested by Sheffer in 1913.   Boolean algebra has been fundamental in the development of digital electronics, and is provided for in all modern programming languages. It is also used in set theory and statistics.   Boole's algebra predated the modern developments in abstract algebra and mathematical logic; it is however seen as connected to the origins of both fields. In an abstract setting, Boolean algebra was perfected in the late 19th century by Jevons, Schröder, Huntington, and others until it reached the modern conception of an (abstract) mathematical structure. For example, the empirical observation that one can manipulate expressions in the algebra of sets by translating them into expressions in Boole's algebra is explained in modern terms by saying that the algebra of sets is "a" Boolean algebra (note the indefinite article). In fact, M. H. Stone proved in 1936 that every Boolean algebra is isomorphic to a field of sets.
Martin was returning to work in his London office after spending two weeks with his brother in New York.He was coming back with a heavy heart.It was not just that it was the end of a wonderful holiday; it was not just that he invariably suffered badly from jet lag ; it was that Monday mornings always began with a team meeting and,over the months,he had grown to hate them.   Martin was aware that colleagues approached these meetings with hidden agenda ; they indulged in game playing; and he knew that people were not being honest and open.The meetings themselves were bad enough-there was all the moaning afterwards at the meeting like"I could have improved on that idea,but I wasn't going to say".   As this morning's meeting began,Martin prepared himself for the usual dullness and boredom.But,as the meeting progressed,he became aware of a strange background noise.At first,he thought that he was still hearing the engine noise from the aircraft that had brought him back to London.But,as he concentrated on the noise,it became a little clearer.   He realized,to his amazement,that he could actually hear what they were thinking at the same time as they were speaking.What surprised him,even more than the acquisition of this strange power,was that he discovered that what people were saying was not really what they were thinking.They were not making clear their reservations.They were not supporting views which they thought might be popular.They were not contributing their new insights.They were not volunteering their new ideas.   Martin found it impossible not to respond to his new knowledge.So he started to make gentle interventions,based more on what he could hear his colleagues thinking than on what he could hear them saying."So,John,are you really saying...""Susan,do you really think that?""Tom,have you got an idea on how we could take this forward?"They looked at him,puzzled.In truth,he felt rather proud of his newly-acquired talent.   As the meeting progressed,it was clear to him that each member of the meeting was learning how to hear the thoughts of the others.The game playing started to fall away; people started to speak more directly; views became better understood; the atmosphere became more open and trusting.   The meeting ended.As people left the room,Martin found that he could still hear what they were thinking."That was the best meeting we've ever had.""All meetings should be like that.""In future,I'm going to say what I think".
What's On?   _   7.30pm-1.00am Free at the Cyclops Theatre   Do you know who's playing in your area? We're bringing you an evening of live rock and pop music from the best local bands. Are you interested in becoming a musician and getting a recording contract ? If so, come early to the talk at 7.30pm by Jules Skye, a successful record producer. He's going to talk about how you can find the right person to produce you music.   _   8.30pm-10.30pm Comedy at Kaleidoscope   Come and see Gee Whizz perform. He's the funniest stand-up comedian on the comedy scene. This joyful show will please everyone, from the youngest to the oldest. Gee Whizz really knows how to make you laugh! Our bar is open from 7.00pm for drinks and snacks .   _   5.00pm-7.30pm Wednesdays at Victoria Stage   This is a good chance for anyone who wants to learn how to do comedy. The workshop looks at every kind of comedy, and practices many different ways of making people laugh. Simon is a comedian and actor who has 10 years' experience of teaching comedy. His workshops are exciting and fun. An evening with Simon will give you the confidence to be funny.   _   8.00pm-11.00pm Pizza World   Fine food with beautiful jazz music; this is a great evening out. Charlotte Stone will perform songs from her new best-selling CD, with James Pickering on the piano. The menu is Italian, with excellent meat and fresh fish, pizzas and pasta . Book early to get a table. Our bar is open all day, and serves cocktails, coffee, beer, and white wine.
Greg Mortenson, under fire for allegedly fabricating details in his best-seller "Three Cups of Tea," agreed in a settlement to give the charity he co-founded more than $1 million, nearly a year after Montana's attorney general began investigating the organization's financial affairs.   The report issued Thursday notes the "accusations of inaccuracies and falsehoods in the narratives" of his books "were not the subject" of the investigation. But Attorney General Steve Bullock said his office's investigation did find "serious internal problems in the management" of the Bozeman, Montana-based Central Asia Institute that Mortenson helped create.   Under the terms of the deal, Mortenson must repay more than $1 million to the charity within three years.   This comes after state investigators determined Mortenson was "double-dipping" when he didn't reimburse the institute for travel expenses he got from sponsors. Their report also stated he did not pay the charity promised royalties and charged it "substantial personal expenses" -- like "L.L. Bean clothing, iTunes, luggage, luxurious accommodations and even vacations."   "When employees challenged him by attempting to get him to provide documentation to substantiate expenditures or otherwise to comply with sound management practices, he resisted and/or ignored them," the report's authors wrote. "Some of them ended up leaving."   While he can remain an employee of the Central Asia Institute, Mortenson can "no longer oversee financial aspects of the charity or serve as a voting member of the board of directors," according to the attorney general's office.   The Central Asia Institute's two other board members will step down after a transitional period of 12 months and a new seven-member board will be appointed in its place, according to the settlement. Its interim director, Anne Beyersdorfer, a "longtime family friend of Mortenson," will eventually give way to a new chief executive, Bullock told reporters Thursday. 
The bowling average is one of a number of statistics used to compare bowlers in the sport of cricket. It is the ratio of runs conceded per wickets taken, meaning that the lower the bowling average is, the better the bowler is performing. The bowling average is commonly used alongside the economy rate and the strike rate to judge the overall performance of a bowler. Where a bowler has taken only a small number of wickets, their average can be artificially low, and an increase in wickets taken can result in large changes in their bowling average. Due to this, qualification caveats are generally applied to determine career records for bowling averages. After applying these criteria, George Lohmann holds the record for the lowest average in Test cricket, having claimed 112 wickets at an average of 10.75.   A cricketer's bowling average is calculated by dividing the numbers of runs they have conceded by the number of wickets they have taken. The number of runs conceded by a bowler is determined as the total number of runs that the opposing side have scored while the bowler was bowling, excluding any byes, leg byes, or penalty runs. The bowler receives credit for any wickets taken during their bowling that are either bowled, caught, hit wicket, leg before wicket or stumped.
Sometimes, something that is considered to be negative turns out to be an advantage on the job. Though he is only l8 years old and blind, Suleyman Gokyigit is among the top computer technicians and programmers at InteliData Technologies Corp., a large software company with several offices across the United States.   "After our company united with another one last October, two different computer networks were driving us crazy," recalls Douglas Braun, the InteliData president. "We couldn't even send e-mail to each other." In three weeks Mr Gokyigit created the software needed to connect the two networks. "None of the company's 350 other employees could have done the job in three months," says Mr. Braun. " Suleyman can 'see' into the heart of the computer."   Mr. Gokyigfi's gift, as Mr. Braun calls it, is an unusual ability to form an idea of the inside of a machine. "The computer permits me to reach out into the world and do almost anything I want to do," says Mr. Gokyigit   The young programmer is _ as well, thanks partly to a highly developed sense of touch. Mitzi Nowakowski, an office manager at InteliData, remembers how he easily disconnected and reconnected their computer systems during a move last year. "Through feel, Suleyman can find the position of connectors, pins and wires much faster than most other people with sight," he says.   Much of the student programmer's speed comes from his ability not to be interrupted while at the computer. When typing, he listens carefully to the synthesizer . His long, thin fingers fly over the keyboard. "Nothing seems to shake his attention," says Mrs. Nowakowski, his boss.   Mr. Gokyigit is the only company employee who is available 24 hours a day. "We consider him our top problem solver." says Mr. Braun.
A lawsuit has been filed claiming that the iconic Led Zeppelin song "Stairway to Heaven" was far from original.   The suit, filed on May 31 in the United States District Court Eastern District of Pennsylvania, was brought by the estate of the late musician Randy California against the surviving members of Led Zeppelin and their record label. The copyright infringement case alleges that the Zeppelin song was taken from the single "Taurus" by the 1960s band Spirit, for whom California served as lead guitarist.   "Late in 1968, a then new band named Led Zeppelin began touring in the United States, opening for Spirit," the suit states. "It was during this time that Jimmy Page, Led Zeppelin's guitarist, grew familiar with 'Taurus' and the rest of Spirit's catalog. Page stated in interviews that he found Spirit to be 'very good' and that the band's performances struck him 'on an emotional level.' "   One of the causes of action for the suit is listed as "Falsification of Rock N' Roll History" and the typeface in the section headings of the filing resembles that used for Led Zeppelin album covers. According to claims in the suit, "Parts of 'Stairway to Heaven,' instantly recognizable to the music fans across the world, sound almost identical to significant portions of 'Taurus.' "   The estate is seeking court ordered damages and writing credit for California, born Randy Craig Wolfe. Part of the defense includes a printed interview conducted with California prior to his death from drowning in 1997. In the 1997 interview with Listener Magazine, the guitarist claims that some of the music from "Stairway to Heaven" was taken from his group's song. 
Anti-aircraft warfare or counter-air defence is defined by NATO as "all measures designed to nullify or reduce the effectiveness of hostile air action." They include ground-and air-based weapon systems, associated sensor systems, command and control arrangements and passive measures (e.g. barrage balloons). It may be used to protect naval, ground, and air forces in any location. However, for most countries the main effort has tended to be 'homeland defence'. NATO refers to airborne air defence as counter-air and naval air defence as anti-aircraft warfare. Missile defence is an extension of air defence as are initiatives to adapt air defence to the task of intercepting any projectile in flight.   Non-English terms for air defence include the German Flak (Fliegerabwehrkanone, "aircraft defence cannon", also cited as Flugabwehrkanone), whence English flak, and the Russian term Protivovozdushnaya oborona (Cyrillic: Противовозду́шная оборо́на), a literal translation of "anti-air defence", abbreviated as PVO. In Russian the AA systems are called zenitnye (i.e. "pointing to zenith") systems (guns, missiles etc.). In French, air defence is called DCA (Défense contre les aéronefs, "aéronef" being the generic term for all kind of airborne device (airplane, airship, balloon, missile, rocket, etc.)).
Alfred Nobel, the great Swedish inventor and industrialist, was born in Stockholm on October 21, 1833, but moved to Russia with his parents in 1842, where his father, Immanuel, made a strong position for himself in the engineering industry.   Immanuel Nobel invented landmine and made a lot of money from the government during the Crimean War, but went bankrupt soon after. Then, the family returned to Sweden in 1859, where Alfred began his own study of explosives in his father's lab. He had never been to school or university but had taught himself, and by the time he was twenty, he became a skillful chemist and excellent linguist, speaking Swedish, Russian, German, French and English. He built up over 80 companies in 20 different countries.   He was always searching for a meaning to life. He spent much time and money working on how to end the wars, and the peace between nations, until his death in Italy in 1896. His famous last will, in which he left money to provide prizes for outstanding work in physics, chemistry, physiology, medicine, literature and peace, is a memorial to his interests and ideas. And so, the man is remembered and respected long after his death.
Jim and Linda are our neighbors. Jim and Linda have an old dog named Reggie. We love our neighbors. They are like the perfect grandparents. We watch Reggie for them when they go out of town to see their children and grandchildren. Reggie is so fun to have around. He is 14 years old. We have 3 other dogs and Reggie is older than all of them. They all listen to what Reggie tells them to do. It is fun to see them respect him.   We are watching Reggie now. He is staying with us for 3 weeks. He likes to go for rides in the car. He likes to go for walks.   This time, when Jim and Linda dropped Reggie off, Jim picked up mom's guitar and played us a song. He was really good! Then Jim and Linda sang a song for us.   I can see why Reggie misses them when they are gone. They are so nice! We give Reggie lots of love so that he is happy at our house when they are on vacation.   He likes our dogs and cats. We have a big black dog named Able. We have a little dog named Mudpuppy and we have a puppy named Goldberry. We have two cats. One of our cats is named Glitch. She has lots of colors. We also have a white kitten named Vex.   One of the best things about watching Reggie is that we know when Jim and Linda come home, Linda bakes us a cherry pie for taking care of Reggie. She makes delicious pie. We are very lucky to have such nice neighbors!
Tuesday   October 23 11:00 am   World Tree Day; World Tree Cuisine   For World Tree Day, Snook gives out badges to everyone who is nice to the tree, but Bob can't think of what to do -until he comes up with a song.Also: Madge and Snook plan a party to celebrate the World Tree's birthday.   Wednesday   October 21 11:00am   The Sloth Must Be Crazy; Smarter than You Think   Bob investigates a shiny green object that fell from the sky, and, with Madge's help, figures out what it is. Also: Winslow fears that everyone else is smarter than he is.   Thursday   October 22 11:00 am   Fish out of Water; Burdette's Nest   Bob fears that Ick is stuck inside a rock, but soon learns that the rock is a fossil; Smooch and Snook help patch Burdette's nest.   Friday   October 23 11:00 am   Bones; Food and Plenty of It   After Winslow injures his arm, he refuses to slow down and winds up hurting his leg too.Also: Burdette is upset when the nuts on her favorite tree disappear.   Thursday   November 5 11:00 am   The Sting; Growing   Wartz's frog friend Greenie is frightened by Stripey the bee; Madge and Snook think about everything that's occurred at the World Tree during the past year.   Friday   November 6 11:00 am   The Big Race; You Are What You Are   Winslow, Smooch and Snook organize a relay race for all the animals of the World Tree.Also: Wartz wonders if fish and plants are related since they both need water to survive.
Garry Golden is a futurist. Futurists are scientists who analyze the way the world is today and use that information.to predict what the world will be like in the future. Golden focuses on the study of transportation. He spends his days studying the relationships between cars, subways, and trains. But he's most excited about imagining the way these relationships will change in the future. Many public transportation supporters dislike big cities because they spend hours driving from one side of the city to the other. And there aren't enough buses and. subways. However, Golden sees a trend toward fewer cars' in the future. He explains, "Cities have a cost of car ownership, which is a challenge. All these vehicles cost the city in services, in having to repair roads and other things. "Cars also take up a lot of space. Golden points out that having so many parking spaces is wasteful. Much of the time the parking spaces sit empty. What is the solution?"I think cities will make new laws to limit the number of cars people can have ," says Golden. "Instead, people will use taxis, subways, and buses. New technology, like smartphones, can make these forms of public transportation even better. Imagine if everyone had a smartphone and used them to signal when they wanted to ride the bus. Buses could change their route to meet people's requests." How soon would these changes come? Golden admits that it will take several years. Cities can be slow to change. Also, new systems of transportation can be expensive. "But it's coming," he says. "The trend of the empowered city will be here soon. " The other trend that excites Golden is electric cars. Golden especially believes in the future of electric cars that have sensors to understand the world around them. "If we have cars that can communicate with one another, they can adjust speeds to cut down on traffic jams,"he says. Rush hour in big cities would be much less painful. One challenge is that it is hard to cheaply produce batteries that are strong enough for these cars. But Golden argues we could, also make cars out of strong plastic composites . The cars would then be much lighter and much cheaper to make. Golden remains positive about the future. "There are so many exciting developments ,"he says. "In thirty years we will live a different world. "
The centenary of the birth of William Faulkner, one of the great modern novelists, was celebrated in September 1997. Faulkner wrote about the southern states of the United States of America where he grew up, and where his family had an important part to play in the history of that region. His work became a touchstone for insights into the troubled issues of southern American identity, race relations, and the family interrelationships of the old time southern gentry .   Faulkner was born in New Albany, Mississippi on September 25, 1897. Despite his interest in writing, he left Oxford High School, Mississippi, without graduating. After World War I, he entered the University of Mississippi as a special student, a right to study which was granted to retired soldiers, although Faulkner had only finished training with the Air Force in Canada, and not entered combat .   Faulkner began to write poems, a verse play, short stories and finished his first novel Sartoris in 1928. His fiction was centered for 14 of the 19 novels published during his lifetime in a fictional region called Yoknapatawpha County. The name is said to come from the Indian Chickasaw word meaning split land.   In December 1950, Faulkner was awarded the Nobel Prize for Literature. When he accepted it in Stockholm, his speech emphasized that he wished to continue writing, but in a positive way that affirmed the power of humanity to prevail over adverse circumstances. As he said in his speech, he still felt that, despite the threat of nuclear war then hanging over the world, the central concern of the writer should be "the problems of the human heart in conflict with itself". He wanted the tensions and problems that he had cast the spotlight on in the southern states of America to be resolved by the life-affirming attitudes and action of his characters. Like playwright Tennessee Williams, Faulkner was a major voice who spoke for the troubled heart of the southern states of America. His achievement is all the more remarkable because, as a schoolboy, he was not only a frequent absentee but also reportedly failed to reach pass grades in English class. His collected short stories, novels, poems, and other writings form a legacy( ) of literature which casts profound illumination on the special culture of the South, a culture which developed from a history and social circumstances that were always unique.   From the focus on a fictional county, and by remaining true to his view of a close-knit but real society that reflected the greater world around him, Faulkner in the end fashioned a legend of the Deep South that is one of the major achievements of the 20th century literature.
A few months ago, Dr. Ken Duckworth, a psychiatrist in Massachusetts, was swimming in his community's pool, chatting with other swimmers. When he mentioned his career, one man wanted Duckworth's opinion on his struggles with depression; another asked for advice on a family member's mental illness.   "I was sort of amazed. They were talking openly about their mental disabilities with a stranger in a swimming locker room, " said Duckworth, "That wouldn't have happened 15 years ago. "   New research shows that these swimmers aren't the only ones opening up. According to a new study, more American adults than ever are reporting being disabled by the symptoms of depression, anxiety or other emotional problems.   The report, published Thursday in the American Journal of Public Health, found that people who said they couldn't perform everyday tasks or engage in social and leisure activities because of a mental illness increased from 2 percent in 1999 to 2.7 percent in 2009. That increase amounts to nearly 2 million more people disabled by mental distress in the past decade, the report said.   Although people did not say they felt more mental distressed compared to past years, they reported that their mental health problems had a greater impact on their daily lives.   Dr. Ramin Mojtabai, the study's author, said it's unclear whether the findings tell a sad story of greater mental distress in recent times or point to a victory for public education about the importance of acknowledging and evaluating mental illness.   "It is possible that people are realizing the effects of mental illness more acutely now than before," he said. "People could be becoming more aware. "   Mojtabai said it's also possible that a number of factors could be taking a toll on the population's mental well-being. High unemployment, economic hardships and a growing sense of isolation could be putting greater stress on Americans.   But Duckworth said there could be a more positive explanation -- like his fellow swimmers, people may be getting more comfortable with talking about their mental distress.   "I wonder if this tells us that American culture is becoming more open and is giving people the ability to speak about it," he said. "If people have this problem and are willing to acknowledge it, then we're getting closer to dealing with it."
Closing arguments were made Friday in the trial of Steven Hayes, the man accused of killing three members of a Connecticut family in a 2007 home invasion.   Jurors are expected to begin deliberations as early as midday Monday.   Hayes, 47, who has entered a plea of not guilty, is currently on trial in New Haven, Connecticut, for the murders of Jennifer Hawke-Petit and her two daughters.   The killings took place in the New Haven suburb of Cheshire in the early hours of July 23, 2007. The home of Dr. William Petit, his wife Jennifer Hawke-Petit, and two daughters was invaded in the middle of the night by Hayes and co-defendant Joshua Komisarjevsky, prosecutors say.   Komisarjevsky will be tried separately.   Prosecutor Michael Dearington laid out an elaborate timeline of events, fully implicating both Hayes and Komisarjevsky in the gruesome killings.   "We've reached the point where very shortly this case will be in your hands," he told jurors. "I doubt you could have comprehended how horrendous this evidence would be."   Earlier in the week, a trial witness -- a Connecticut prison officer -- testified that he overheard Hayes confess to another inmate that he killed Hawke-Petit. Hayes also reportedly wondered out loud whether Petit might have been in cahoots with his co-defendant, Komisarjevsky, because Petit had been able to escape.   Hayes said he had tied the father in the basement of the home himself, and that he doubted he could have gotten loose without help from Komisarjevsky, the witness -- Jeremiah Krob -- testified. 
There are stories about two US Presidents,Andrew Jackson and Martin Van Buren,which attempt to explain the American English term OK. We don't know if either story is true,but they are both interesting.   The first explanation is based on the fact that President Jackson had very little education. In fact,he had difficulty reading and writing. When important papers came to Jackson,he tried to read them and then had his assistants explain what they said. If he approved of a paper, he would write "all correct" on it. The problem was that he didn't know how to spell. So what he really wrote was "ol korekt". After a while,he shortened that term to "OK".   The second explanation is based on the place where President Van Buren was born,Kinderhook,New York. Van Buren's friends organized a club to help him become president. They called the club the Old Kinderhook Club,and anyone who supported Van Buren was called "OK".
Every time Lionel Messi breaks a record, it seems appropriate to compare him to the legends that came before him.   In 2012, he rewrote soccer history on multiple occasions, and his latest record came when he scored his 86th goal of the calendar year, breaking Gerd Muller's previous mark, before wrapping up the year with 91 goals.   All statistics indicate that Messi is currently the best player in the world, and that he will go down in history as the top footballer of his generation. But when he is judged against all-time greats like Pele and Diego Maradona, he still has work to do.   We don't know whether the Barcelona striker will have another year in which he records more than 90 goals, but he must still sustain a similar level of production for the next several seasons.   Messi has already taken part in three of Barcelona's victorious Champions League campaigns, and he played an important role in two of them. In order to firmly establish himself as the greatest club football player in history, he must win the tournament a few more times.   Most importantly, the Argentine needs to win on the international stage. Regardless of what Messi does for Barcelona, his legacy will be incomplete if he cannot win the World Cup with Argentina.   Both Pele and Maradona led their countries to the top of international soccer during their careers, and Messi's performances for his country have been severely disappointing.   While he was still a teenager in 2006 --and his lackluster showing is excusable due to his youth--he cannot brush off the disappointment that characterized Argentina's performance in 2010.   But the 4-0 loss to Germany in the 2010 World Cup Quarter Final seems to have sparked Messi. He scored 12 times for Argentina last year, and the next World Cup could finally be Messi's breakout performance in blue and white stripes.   Due to all of his accomplishments, it is easy to forget that the extraordinary footballer is just 25 years old. If he can avoid injury or lengthy slumps until his speed and skills start to decline due to age, he may continue to break records and win trophies.
I've always felt a bit sad for weekend fathers, who are divorced and must maintain a bond with their children through visits on the weekend.Not having the opportunity for a lot of quality time, they go in for quantity giving lots of gifts and taking the children on non stop outings.   But now I can understand.I'm a weekend mom.My child, Henry, is a dog.   Henry just returned to his father, Jack, after a happy stay with me.For ten days, I fed him the best food, canceled plans to stay home with him and let him sleep on the bed every night.   Jack and I broke up a year ago.But neither of us wanted to part with Henry, so we share him.Not surprisingly, Henry is a willing participant in our contest for his love.   Jack doesn't let Henry sleep on his bed, so that's where I can always gain big points.I feed Henry higher quality food.I am always replacing his expensive "thingy" ,a cotton knot he likes chewing on.It' s his favorite toy, and the only one he has is at my house.Score another one for me.   Jack now has a girlfriend, Lucy.At first she was afraid of dogs, which secretly delighted me.But that Henry, just trying to be polite(the way I taught him to be),won her over.   If truth be told, as time passes, there has been a slight change in Henry' s behavior toward me.The worst was one day when Jack dropped him off for a two week stay.Henry and I were in the backyard playing as Jack was driving off.When he heard Jack's truck, he ran after it for two blocks until Jack had to stop and bring him back.   That hurt, especially since I had friends over at the time.In a rare conciliatory mood, Jack said to me, "You know, I' m his best friend, but you'll always be his mom."   Whatever it takes, I plan to make sure it stays that way.
Yemen, officially known as the Republic of Yemen, is an Arab country in Western Asia at the southern end of the Arabian Peninsula. Yemen is the second-largest country in the peninsula, occupying 527,970 km (203,850 sq mi). The coastline stretches for about 2,000 km (1,200 mi). It is bordered by Saudi Arabia to the north, the Red Sea to the west, the Gulf of Aden and Arabian Sea to the south, and Oman to the east-northeast. Although Yemen's constitutionally stated capital is the city of Sana'a, the city has been under rebel control since February 2015. Because of this, Yemen's capital has been temporarily relocated to the port city of Aden, on the southern coast. Yemen's territory includes more than 200 islands; the largest of these is Socotra.   Yemen was the home of the Sabaeans (biblical Sheba), a trading state that flourished for over a thousand years and also included parts of modern-day Ethiopia and Eritrea. In 275 AD, the region came under the rule of the later Jewish-influenced Himyarite Kingdom. Christianity arrived in the fourth century, whereas Judaism and local paganism were already established. Islam spread quickly in the seventh century and Yemenite troops were crucial in the expansion of the early Islamic conquests. Administration of Yemen has long been notoriously difficult. Several dynasties emerged from the ninth to 16th centuries, the Rasulid dynasty being the strongest and most prosperous. The country was divided between the Ottoman and British empires in the early twentieth century. The Zaydi Mutawakkilite Kingdom of Yemen was established after World War I in North Yemen before the creation of the Yemen Arab Republic in 1962. South Yemen remained a British protectorate known as the Aden Protectorate until 1967 when it became an independent state and later, a Marxist state. The two Yemeni states united to form the modern republic of Yemen in 1990.
Charles V (; ; Dutch: "Karel"; ) (24 February 1500 – 21 September 1558) was ruler of both the Spanish Empire from 1516 and the Holy Roman Empire from 1519, as well as of the lands of the former Duchy of Burgundy from 1506. He voluntarily stepped down from these and other positions by a series of abdications between 1554 and 1556. Through inheritance, he brought together under his rule extensive territories in western, central, and southern Europe, and the Spanish colonies in the Americas and Asia. As a result, his domains spanned nearly four million square kilometers and were the first to be described as "the empire on which the sun never sets".   Charles was the heir of three of Europe's leading dynasties: the Houses of Valois-Burgundy (Burgundy and Netherlands), Habsburg (Holy Roman Empire), and Trastámara (Spain). He inherited the Burgundian Netherlands and the Franche-Comté as heir of the House of Valois-Burgundy. From his own dynasty, the Habsburgs, he inherited Austria and other lands in central Europe. He was also elected to succeed his Habsburg grandfather, Maximilian I, as Holy Roman Emperor, a title held by the Habsburgs since 1440. From the Spanish House of Trastámara, he inherited the crowns of Castile, which was in the process of developing a nascent empire in the Americas and Asia, and Crown of Aragon, which included a Mediterranean empire extending to Southern Italy. Charles was the first king to rule Castile and Aragon simultaneously in his own right and as a result he is sometimes referred to as the first king of Spain. The personal union, under Charles, of the Holy Roman Empire with the Spanish Empire resulted in the closest Europe would come to a universal monarchy since the death of Louis the Pious.
Many people consider their pets members of the family and are very sad when they die, but what if you could clone your dog, cat or bird?   A scientist in New Orleans, who has proved his ability to clone other animals, is now offering the possibility to pet owners here in Wisconsin.   Scientists have not been able to clone dogs, cats or other pets, but if and when the time comes, several companies will be ready and able to do the job.   The question is: Are you ready to clone your pet? Brett Reggio is betting on it.He is working on his Ph. D at Louisian State University. He's successfully cloned a goat five times and wants to try the process on family pets. So he started a business called Lazaron. "What Lazaron provides is the first step in the cloning process. "He said."It's for curing and storing the fiberglass cells that will be used for cloning."   "Your first reaction is yeah! I think I'd like that." said Donna Schacht, a pet owner.   "I don't believe you can ever replace a special love," pet owner Paulette Callattion said.   Most pet owners will tell you freezing your pet's DNA in hopes of one day cloning it is a personal decision.   Scientists say that cloning your own pet doesn't mean that the offspring will have the same intelligence, temperament or other qualities that your pet has.
The big white bear walked over the ice. After he went a few feet, he pushed his paws down on the ice as hard as he could. The sheet of ice cracked, and the big bear learned that he still had to wait.   The big white bear was waiting to go out to the ice and hunt. He was getting thin after a long summer in the far north, and he was ready to catch a seal. In a few weeks, he could walk out on the ice, far from shore. There, he could find seals or other animals that he could catch. He would come back from the cold winter a lot fatter.   But for now, he would have to wait. In a few more days, the ice would be thick enough for him to go out and hunt. The cold winds were starting to make some of the ice very thick. But this spot was too thin, and he would have to wait.
Confronted by police trying to arrest him for allegedly selling illegal cigarettes, Eric Garner raised both hands in the air and, with passive defiance, told the officers not to touch him. Seconds later, a video shows the officer behind him grab the 350-pound man in a chokehold and pull him to the sidewalk, rolling him onto his stomach.   "I can't breathe! I can't breathe!" Garner said repeatedly, his cries muffled into the pavement.   The video of the Thursday skirmish shows the Staten Island man lying on the ground motionless after the incident. An asthmatic, Garner was later declared dead at a nearby hospital, according to CNN affiliate WCBS. Police said he suffered a heart attack and died en route to the hospital.   "This is a terrible tragedy that occurred yesterday. A terrible tragedy that no family should have to experience," said New York Mayor Bill de Blasio, calling the video of the incident "very troubling."   Police told WCBS that 43-year-old Garner, a father of six, had a lengthy criminal history and had been previously arrested for selling untaxed cigarettes in May.   Officer Daniel Pantaleo, who is seen on video choking Garner, was put on modified assignment and stripped of his shield and gun as the New York Police Department continues to investigate the incident, WCBS reported. The chokehold tactic is prohibited by the NYPD.   Two EMTs and two paramedics have been suspended without pay, Erika Hellstrom, vice president of development at Richmond University Medical Center, said in an e-mail.   In a statement, Patrolmen's Benevolent Association President Patrick J. Lynch called Pantaleo's reassignment "a completely unwarranted, kneejerk reaction for political reasons." He said the move "effectively pre-judges this case and denies the officer the very benefit of a doubt that has long been part of the social contract that allows police officers to face the risks of this difficult and complex job." 
My summer hols wr CWOT. B4, we usd 2 go 2 NY 2C my bro, his GF & thr3:-@ kids FTF. ILNY, it's gr8. Can you understand this sentence? If you can't, don't feel too bad; neither could the middle school teacher in England who received this as homework. This is Netspeak: the language of computerized communication found on Internet or cell phones. To new comers, it can look like a completely foreign language. So, what is the translation of the sentence above? My summer holidays were a complete waste of time. Before, we used to go to New York to see my brother, his girlfriend, and their three screaming kids face to face. I love New York. It's great. School teachers and parents say this new form of writing is harming the English language. Increasing spelling and grammatical mistakes can be seen in students' writing. They fear the language could become corrupted . "Everyone should just relax", say linguists . They believe Netspeak is in fact more of a good thing. David Crystal, from the University of Wales, argues that Netspeak and Internet create a new language use and the almost lost art of diary writing, has been picked up again. Geoffrey Nurberg, from Stanford University, agrees. "People get better at writing by writing," he says. "kids who are now doing text messaging, e-mails, and instant messages will write at least as well as, and possibly better than their parents." Linguist James says, for centuries, it is believed without exception that young people are harming the language. And you can _ that when today's teenagers become tomorrow's parents. They too will think this way. James argues that languages do not and cannot become corrupted. They simply change to meet the new needs. However, Netspeakers do agree that it is important to teach young people how to speak and write standard English. Cynthia McVey says, "I can understand Netspeak worries teachers and it's important that they get across to their pupils that text messaging is for fun, but learning to write proper English is a must for their future." Perhaps we should give teenagers a little more trust anyway. Erin, aged 12, says, "I wouldn't use text language in my homework. Texting is just for fun. "
The University of California, Berkeley (also referred to as UC Berkeley, Berkeley, and Cal ) is a public research university located in Berkeley, California. Founded in 1868, Berkeley is the oldest of the ten research universities affiliated with the University of California system (although UCSF was founded in 1864 and predates the establishment of the UC system) and is ranked as one of the world's leading research universities and the top public university in the United States.   Established in 1868 as the University of California, resulting from the merger of the private College of California and the public Agricultural, Mining and Mechanical Arts College in Oakland, Berkeley offers approximately 350 undergraduate and graduate degree programs in a wide range of disciplines. The Dwinelle Bill of March 5, 1868 (California Assembly Bill No. 583) stated that the "University shall have for its design, to provide instruction and thorough and complete education in all departments of science, literature and art, industrial and profession[al] pursuits, and general education, and also special courses of instruction in preparation for the professions". In the 1960s, Berkeley was particularly noted for the Free Speech Movement as well as the Anti-Vietnam War Movement led by its students.   Berkeley is a founding member of the Association of American Universities and continues to have very high research activity with $789 million in research and development expenditures in the fiscal year ending June 30, 2015. It also co-manages three United States Department of Energy National Laboratories, including Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory, Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory and Los Alamos National Laboratory for the U.S. Department of Energy, as well as being home to many world-renowned research institutes and organizations including Mathematical Sciences Research Institute and Space Sciences Laboratory. Through its partner institution University of California, San Francisco (UCSF), Berkeley also offers a joint medical program at the UCSF Medical Center, the top hospital in California, which is also part of the UC system.
Shane Thomas is a 10-year-old pianist from England. He's being called the next Mozart because of his amazing abilities.   He has only been having piano lessons for four months, and practices four hours a week, but he has already played difficult classical pieces. He was just seven when he sat down at the piano, and could play at once. He also says he never gets nervous.   When Shane was three years old, he said that he could play the piano, but nobody took him seriously. At school, he could listen to the teacher and do his work while composing in his head. Shame remembers all the melodies ,and when he gets home he plays them on the piano, while his father records them. Shane loves playing the piano, and when he grows up he wants to be a composer.   His tutor, Richard Goffin-Lecar, says he is like Amadeus Mozart, who lived during the 18thcentury in Salzburg, Austria, and was one of the most famous composers ever. Mr. Goffin-lecar says, "I don't teach Shane very much. I just give him directions, then sit back and watch."   His father, a single parent with two other children, says that although he has little money, he wants to send Shane to a good music school. "I'm a single father, but I have this gifted child. I don't have much money, but I want to give him the best teachers, and also take him into a studio to record."
Maria Sharapova was forced to call on all her resilience to ensure her place in the semifinals of the French Open Tuesday.   The World No.8 endured a nightmare opening set, losing it 6-1 to Spain's Garbine Muguruza, before launching an impressive fightback.   Sharapova, who was beaten in last year's final, won the second set 7-5 before taking the decider 6-1.   The Russian, who won at Roland Garros in 2012, will now face Canada's rising star Eugenie Bouchard.   "I came across a player playing with such confidence and I knew it was going to be a tough match," Sharapova told the WTA website.   "I had a tough start but luckily I had a good finish.   "She was playing so aggressive at the start, but also I wasn't really helping myself with my movement or serving."   Sharapova, seeded seventh, made a dreadful start to the contest and fell 4-0 behind before finally winning a game.   Murguruza, who defeated defending champion Serena Williams 6-2 6-2 earlier in the tournament, played with a verve and quality which belied her age.   After conceding the first set, she slowly got to grips with 21-year-old Muguruza, who was playing in her first ever grand slam quarterfinal.   There was heartbreak for another Spaniard in the other quarterfinal after Carla Suarez Navarro threw away a 4-1 advantage in the final set.   Bouchard, ranked 16th in the world, appeared to be heading out of the tournament but fought back to take the match 7-6 2-6 7-5.   It is a second successive grand slam semifinal for Bouchard, who was beaten in straight sets by Li Na at the Australian Open earlier this year. 
One hot summer day in August my family and I wanted to go to the beach. We had not gone to the beach in a very long time and felt that today was a great day to do it.   We piled everyone into the car-my mom, my dad, my sister, my dog, and me. I begged mom and dad to let me sit in the front seat, but they said no. I had to sit next to the smelly dog instead for the whole trip.   When we got to the beach and opened the car door our dog raced down to the water to play. I grabbed the large umbrella we brought and walked down to the sand with mom and dad. After we had found a spot, they let me go play in the water.   It felt really good to cool off in the ocean water on such a hot day. As I swam around I saw many cool things, like fish, seaweed, and shells. I brought the interesting shells that I found to a bucket I had on the beach and threw them in. They would be great to add to my collection at home.   When I got tired of swimming, my sister and I wanted to make a sand castle. We built towers using buckets and dug a huge ditch with our shovels. When our castle was complete we were about to take a picture, but then the dog ran it over and smashed it. I was about to yell at the dog, but then mom said it was getting late and we had to go home.   When we got home I was wiped out from playing all day, so I went to sleep almost immediately. It was a very good day that I'll always remember.
Kellyanne O'Niell had not even completed her first aid course when she was called upon to put her skills into action.   Just halfway through her course, which was offered by Kilcooley Women's Education Group, Kellyanne was walking home when she found herself faced with an emergency.   A youngster on the street had fallen onto broken glass. Describing the situation, Kellyanne said:"I noticed she fell onto some glass, and when she got up, I spotted a big wound starting at the thumb and finishing at the ring finger. I started applying pressure to the bleeding wound at once and sent someone to bring my first-aid box from my house."   She continued: "I phoned for an ambulance and gave the lady every last detail that she wanted to know. I got another person to keep an eye out for the ambulance. The young girl was in great pain so she couldn't stay still. I was scared she was not going to respond to me. I held her hand above the heart so that the bleeding could at least stop a little bit."   "Once the person came back with the bandage, the ambulance was there. The nurse got me to hold a flashlight for her while she bandaged the wound. Once the girl was all bandaged up, I helped her onto the seat in the ambulance and she was taken to hospital."   Margaret Pridgen, the British Red Cross trainer who had been teaching Kellyanne, was full of praise for her swift action. She said:"I think this is quite an achievement for this young girl, I have really seen her confidence grow during the training and am delighted she had the poise to be able to deal with the situation and put her new skills into practice."
Jersey (, ; Jèrriais: "Jèrri" ), officially the Bailiwick of Jersey (; Jèrriais: "Bailliage dé Jèrri"), is a Crown dependency of The Crown located near the coast of Normandy, France. Jersey was part of the Duchy of Normandy, whose dukes went on to become kings of England from 1066. After Normandy was lost by the kings of England in the 13th century, and the ducal title surrendered to France, Jersey and the other Channel Islands remained attached to the English crown.   The bailiwick consists of the island of Jersey, the largest of the Channel Islands, along with surrounding uninhabited islands and rocks collectively named Les Dirouilles, Les Écréhous, Les Minquiers, Les Pierres de Lecq, and other reefs. Although the bailiwicks of Jersey and Guernsey are often referred to collectively as the Channel Islands, the "Channel Islands" are not a constitutional or political unit. Jersey has a separate relationship to the Crown from the other Crown dependencies of Guernsey and the Isle of Man, although all are held by the monarch of the United Kingdom.   Jersey is a self-governing parliamentary democracy under a constitutional monarchy, with its own financial, legal and judicial systems, and the power of self-determination. The Lieutenant Governor on the island is the personal representative of the Queen.
Eco City Farms are becoming more popular in cities and towns around the United states.   Eco City Farms in Edmonton, Maryland, is located near shopping centers, car repair shops and homes. The neighborhood is a working-class community . People do not have very much money. And they have limited access to fresh food in markets.   Over the past two years, the farm has attracted volunteers from the community like Marcy Clark. She schools her four children at home. On a recent day she brought them to Eco City Farms for a lesson. Her son Alston Clark thinks his experience is very valuable."I like coming out here," he says," You know, you connect with the earth, where your food comes from. You appreciate the food a little bit more."   Margaret Morgan started Eco City Farms. She thinks of it as a place where people can learn to live healthier lives. "Growing food in a community brings people together," she continues, "Every piece of what we do here is a demonstration to show people everything about how to have an eco-friendly community." she says. From the Eco City Farms people come to know that they are not only growing food and raising chickens and bees, but improving the soil with compost made from food waste.   Eco City Farms is an experimental operation. The farm gets its power not from the local electricity networks, but from the sun with solar panels. In winter, the green house use a geothermal system.   Vegetables can be grown all year. So once a week, all winter long, neighbors like Chris Moss and her three children bike to the farm to pick up a share of the harvest.   "I like eating the vegetables "says five-year-old Owen Moss.
Walter owns three Italian restaurants which are running very well in Rhode Island in America. Every day his restaurants welcome crowds of customers all over the world. He studied to be a cook, but he sees now that his success is the result of a lifetime education. When he opened his first restaurant, all of a sudden his schooling knowledge , the history of his family and his ethics of his father _ . It made him a person who studied and explored the secrets in the food business. Walter's learning never stops. He says " The food business is one where you need to stay on top. Cooks should be trained. You have to keep on studying or you will be left behind." So he spent more time in reading. Every time he gets new ideas from the book, he brings them into his work. Walter also has a clear understanding about success. That is he would like to be remembered as a person who is creative, who believes in the Italian cooking culture in America. Food is like a bridge connecting to the past, to the family and to the country. He says "Success to me is not how much money I make, but if at the end of the day I am able to make fifteen or twenty customers happy, I'm a happy man."
Methodism or the Methodist movement is a group of historically related denominations of Protestant Christianity which derive their inspiration from the life and teachings of John Wesley. George Whitefield and John's brother Charles Wesley were also significant leaders in the movement. It originated as a revival within the 18th century Church of England and became a separate denomination after Wesley's death. The movement spread throughout the British Empire, the United States, and beyond because of vigorous missionary work, today claiming approximately 80 million adherents worldwide.   Wesley's theology focused on sanctification and the effect of faith on the character of a Christian. Distinguishing Methodist doctrines include an assurance of salvation, imparted righteousness, the possibility of perfection in love, the works of piety, and the primacy of Scripture. Most Methodists teach that Jesus Christ, the Son of God, died for all of humanity and that salvation is available for all; in theology, this view is known as Arminianism. This teaching rejects the Calvinist position that God has pre-ordained the salvation of a select group of people. However, Whitefield and several others were considered Calvinistic Methodists and held to the Calvinistic position. Methodism emphasises charity and support for the sick, the poor, and the afflicted through the works of mercy. These ideals are put into practice by the establishment of hospitals, orphanages, soup kitchens, and schools to follow Christ's command to spread the gospel and serve all people.
Jason Day nearly pulled out of the World Cup of Golf after learning he had lost eight relatives to Typhoon Haiyan in the Philippines.   Instead he completed an emotional double victory Sunday in Melbourne as he claimed the individual title and paired with Adam Scott to lead Australia to team honors.   After finishing with a final round 70 for 10-under at Royal Melbourne, Day said his Filipino mother Dening and his sisters had been in this thoughts throughout the event.   They were in the gallery to watch the 24-year-old hold off Thomas Bjorn of Denmark by two shots in a tense final round.   "I am just happy that she is here and I get to hug her," he said.   "It would have been the easiest thing for me to just go ahead and pull out of the tournament with what has been going on over the last week, just to be up there with my mum and support her," he added.   Day lost his grandmother, an uncle and six cousins in the November 8 tragedy and he said that both he and World No.2 Scott would assist with the relief program.   "We will definitely be giving some money or raising money and trying to raise awareness to what has really happened over there.   "To have that lead going into Sunday with all that stuff going on, to finally finish off and hit a great shot into 18 like I did and to win like that was a very big move in my golfing career." 
Chad, officially the Republic of Chad ( '; "Republic of the Chad"), is a landlocked country in Central Africa. It is bordered by Libya to the north, Sudan to the east, the Central African Republic to the south, Cameroon and Nigeria to the southwest and Niger to the west. It is the fifth largest country in Africa in terms of area.   Chad has several regions: a desert zone in the north, an arid Sahelian belt in the centre and a more fertile Sudanian Savanna zone in the south. Lake Chad, after which the country is named, is the largest wetland in Chad and the second-largest in Africa. The capital N'Djamena is the largest city.   Chad's official languages are Arabic and French. Chad is home to over 200 different ethnic and linguistic groups. The religions of Chad are Islam (at 55%), followed by Christianity (at 40%).   Beginning in the 7th millennium BC, human populations moved into the Chadian basin in great numbers. By the end of the 1st millennium BC, a series of states and empires had risen and fallen in Chad's Sahelian strip, each focused on controlling the trans-Saharan trade routes that passed through the region. France conquered the territory by 1920 and incorporated it as part of French Equatorial Africa. In 1960, Chad obtained independence under the leadership of François Tombalbaye. Resentment towards his policies in the Muslim north culminated in the eruption of a long-lasting civil war in 1965. In 1979 the rebels conquered the capital and put an end to the south's hegemony. However, the rebel commanders fought amongst themselves until Hissène Habré defeated his rivals. He was overthrown in 1990 by his general Idriss Déby. Since 2003 the Darfur crisis in Sudan has spilt over the border and destabilised the nation, with hundreds of thousands of Sudanese refugees living in and around camps in eastern Chad. Unsustainable high birth rates and a lack of agriculture let the country persist in poverty.
John Ronald Reuel Tolkien, (; 3 January 1892 – 2 September 1973) was an English writer, poet, philologist, and university professor who is best known as the author of the classic high-fantasy works "The Hobbit", "The Lord of the Rings", and "The Silmarillion".   He served as the Rawlinson and Bosworth Professor of Anglo-Saxon and Fellow of Pembroke College, Oxford, from 1925 to 1945 and Merton Professor of English Language and Literature and Fellow of Merton College, Oxford, from 1945 to 1959. He was at one time a close friend of C. S. Lewis—they were both members of the informal literary discussion group known as the Inklings. Tolkien was appointed a Commander of the Order of the British Empire by Queen Elizabeth II on 28 March 1972.   After Tolkien's death, his son Christopher published a series of works based on his father's extensive notes and unpublished manuscripts, including "The Silmarillion". These, together with "The Hobbit" and "The Lord of the Rings", form a connected body of tales, poems, fictional histories, invented languages, and literary essays about a fantasy world called Arda and Middle-earth within it. Between 1951 and 1955, Tolkien applied the term "legendarium" to the larger part of these writings.   While many other authors had published works of fantasy before Tolkien, the great success of "The Hobbit" and "The Lord of the Rings" led directly to a popular resurgence of the genre. This has caused Tolkien to be popularly identified as the "father" of modern fantasy literature—or, more precisely, of high fantasy. In 2008, "The Times" ranked him sixth on a list of "The 50 greatest British writers since 1945". "Forbes" ranked him the 5th top-earning "dead celebrity" in 2009.
"We're going to move," Jimmy said to Mr. James,her teacher, with tears in her eyes. "Dad lost his job and now we don't have enough money to live in our house." Pam was walking by and just heard Jimmy's talk with Mr.James. In the lunchroom Pam met Carol and said, "I've got something to tell you about Jimmy." As she started to tell Carol about Jimmy's dad, several other classmates stopped to listen. Pam felt bad telling what she had heard but she went on anyway. After school, Pam saw some of her classmates talking to Jimmy. "Where does your dad work?" one of the boys asked. Jimmy's face turned red. She left without answering. Pam felt terrible, because she didn't mean to hurt Jimmy. And she hadn't thought that some of the classmates would make jokes and laugh at Jimmy about her father's losing the job. Pam didn't know what she could do to help Jimmy.
The 2008 Summer Olympics torch relay was run from March 24 until August 8, 2008, prior to the 2008 Summer Olympics, with the theme of "one world, one dream". Plans for the relay were announced on April 26, 2007, in Beijing, China. The relay, also called by the organizers as the "Journey of Harmony", lasted 129 days and carried the torch 137,000 km (85,000 mi) – the longest distance of any Olympic torch relay since the tradition was started ahead of the 1936 Summer Olympics.   After being lit at the birthplace of the Olympic Games in Olympia, Greece on March 24, the torch traveled to the Panathinaiko Stadium in Athens, and then to Beijing, arriving on March 31. From Beijing, the torch was following a route passing through six continents. The torch has visited cities along the Silk Road, symbolizing ancient links between China and the rest of the world. The relay also included an ascent with the flame to the top of Mount Everest on the border of Nepal and Tibet, China from the Chinese side, which was closed specially for the event.
Today, bicycles are elegantly simple machines that are common around the world. Many people ride bicycles for recreation, whereas others use them as a means of transportation. The first bicycle was invented in Germany in 1818. Because it was made of wood, it wasn't very strong nor did it have pedals .Riders moved it by pushing their feet against the ground.   In 1839, Kirkpatrick Macmillan, a Scottish blacksmith, invented a much better bicycle. Macmillan's machine had iron-covered wheels to keep them from getting worn down. He also used foot-operated levers, similar to pedals, so his bicycle could be ridden at a quick pace. It didn't look much like the modem bicycle, though, because its back wheel was substantially larger than its front wheel. Although Macmillan's bicycles could be ridden easily, they were never produced in large numbers.   In 1861, Frenchman Pierre Michaux and his brother Ernest invented a bicycle with an improved pedal mechanism. They called their bicycle a velocipede,but most people called it a "bone shaker" because of the effect of the wood and iron frame. Despite the impolite nickname, the velocipede was a hit. After a few years, the Michaux family was making hundreds of the machines annually, mostly for fun-seeking young people.   Ten years later, James Starley , an English inventor, made several innovations that revolutionized bicycle design. He made the front wheel many times larger than the back wheel, put a gear on the pedals to make the bicycle more efficient,and lightened the wheels by using wire spokes. Although this bicycle was much lighter and less tiring to ride, it was still clumsy, extremely top-heavy,and ridden mostly for entertainment.   It wasn't until 1874 that the first truly modern bicycle appeared on the scene. Invented by another Englishman, H. J. Lawson, the safety bicycle would look familiar to today's cyclists. The safety bicycle had equal-sized wheels, which made it easier to ride. Lawson also attached a chain to the pedals to drive the back wheel. By 1893,the safety bicycle had been further improved with air-filled rubber tires, a diamond-shaped frame, and easy braking. With the improvements provided by Lawson;bicycles became extremely popular and useful for transportation. Today, they are built, used, and enjoyed all over the world.
The Canadian Armed Forces (CAF; French: Forces armées canadiennes, FAC), or Canadian Forces (CF) (French: les Forces canadiennes, FC), is the unified armed force of Canada, as constituted by the National Defence Act, which states: "The Canadian Forces are the armed forces of Her Majesty raised by Canada and consist of one Service called the Canadian Armed Forces."   This unified institution consists of sea, land, and air elements referred to as the Royal Canadian Navy (RCN), Canadian Army, and Royal Canadian Air Force (RCAF). Personnel may belong to either the Regular Force or the Reserve Force, which has four sub-components: the Primary Reserve, Supplementary Reserve, Cadet Organizations Administration and Training Service, and the Canadian Rangers. Under the National Defence Act, the Canadian Armed Forces are an entity separate and distinct from the Department of National Defence (the federal government department responsible for administration and formation of defence policy), which also exists as the civilian support system for the Forces.
Atlantic Recording Corporation (simply known as Atlantic Records) is an American major record label founded in October 1947 by Ahmet Ertegün and Herb Abramson. Over its first 20 years of operation, Atlantic Records earned a reputation as one of the most important American recording labels, specializing in jazz, R&B and soul recordings by African-American musicians including Aretha Franklin, Ray Charles, Wilson Pickett, Sam and Dave, Ruth Brown and Otis Redding, a position greatly enhanced by its distribution deal with Stax Records. In 1967, Atlantic Records became a wholly owned subsidiary of Warner Bros.-Seven Arts, now the Warner Music Group, and expanded into rock and pop music with releases by bands such as Led Zeppelin and Yes.   In 2004, Atlantic Records and its sister label Elektra Records merged into Atlantic Records Group. Craig Kallman is currently the chairman of Atlantic Records. Ahmet Ertegün served as founding chairman until his death on December 14, 2006, at age 83.   Artists currently signed to Atlantic Records include Missy Elliott, Coldplay, David Guetta, Bruno Mars, Melanie Martinez, Kelly Clarkson, Charli XCX, Charlie Puth, Kodak Black, Death Cab for Cutie, Ed Sheeran, Flo Rida, Halestorm, In This Moment, James Blunt, Janelle Monáe, Jason Mraz, Marina and the Diamonds, Paramore, Portugal. The Man, Sia, Simple Plan, Shinedown, Skrillex, Weezer, Lil Uzi Vert, K. Michelle, Kehlani, Joyner Lucas, Bhad Bhabie, and Wiz Khalifa.
Madhya Pradesh (MP) (, , meaning Central Province) is a state in central India. Its capital is Bhopal and the large cities are Indore, Jabalpur & Gwalior. Nicknamed the "heart of India" due to its geographical location in India, Madhya Pradesh is the second-largest state in the country by area. With over 75 million inhabitants, it is the fifth-largest state in India by population. It borders the states of Uttar Pradesh to the northeast, Chhattisgarh to the southeast, Maharashtra to the south, Gujarat to the west, and Rajasthan to the northwest. Its total area is 308,252 km. Before 2000, when Chhattisgarh was a part of Madhya Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh was the largest state in India and the distance between the two furthest points inside the state, Singoli and Konta, was 1500 km.   The area covered by the present-day Madhya Pradesh includes the area of the ancient Avanti mahajanapada, whose capital Ujjain (also known as Avantika) arose as a major city during the second wave of Indian urbanisation in the sixth century BCE. Subsequently, the region was ruled by the major dynasties of India. By the early 18th century, the region was divided into several small kingdoms which were captured by the British and incorporated into Central Provinces and Berar and the Central India Agency. After India's independence, Madhya Pradesh state was created with Nagpur as its capital: this state included the southern parts of the present-day Madhya Pradesh and northeastern portion of today's Maharashtra. In 1956, this state was reorganised and its parts were combined with the states of Madhya Bharat, Vindhya Pradesh and Bhopal to form the new Madhya Pradesh state, the Marathi-speaking Vidarbha region was removed and merged with the then Bombay State. This state was the largest in India by area until 2000, when its southeastern Chhattisgarh region was made a separate state.
It's a nightmare for Huazhong University of Science and Technology (HUST): within a week, two students committed suicide by jumping off dorm buildings.   Officials from the university are reluctant to give interviews.   "We had a hard time calming down students who were shocked at the suicides," said Zhang Jingyuan, head of HUST's center for research and guidance for students' development.   "Media coverage may arouse some students' negative emotions again. Suicide can be contagious ," Zhang said.   The university reacted promptly to the first suicide on October 23.   Advisors and class leaders conducted dorm-to-dorm checks to find students suffering depression. Then psychologists offered one-on-one counseling to them.   Notice boards publicizing tips for identifying peers' mental problems and offering help were set up in front of dorm buildings. Leaflets carrying similar information were handed out to each dorm.   However, the second suicide came seven days later.   Both students were described as men of few words. Their schoolmates didn't see anything to indicate suicide.   Zhang revealed that the two students had been bothered by mental disorders. But the school didn't know this until the students' close friends outside school and their parents unveiled the truth after the suicides.   According to Zhang, there are only three full-time counselors working in the university's counseling center for its 60,000 students. He complained: "It's unrealistic to rely only on counselors to detect students' mental problems."   Some universities in the US may be able to offer solutions to Zhang's worries. They have established programs to train students to be the bridge between troubled friends and counselors.   At Worcester Polytechnic Institute, at Worcester, Massachusetts, US, young people in the Student Support Network role play to learn how to detect SOS signals from their schoolmates.   They also practice how to gently persuade emotionally troubled students to go for professional help.   To develop such empathy , many universities in China have organized campus events to popularize knowledge about mental health. But these are not that attractive to students.   Ke Juanjuan, 24, is pursuing a master's degree in English translation at HUST. Ke has found that few of her peers will pay attention to activities about mental health when they are not troubled by it.   Rather than bombard students with the words "mental health", Ke suggested the school organize lectures and workshops concerning study, job-hunting and relationships. She explained: "Students care about these topics. They tend to have problems in these areas and may thus get stuck in depression.   "By helping students better deal with these problems, the school can effectively prevent self-inflicted injury and suicide among students."   Effective prevention comes from long-term education for life instead of temporary intervention to meet an emergency, said Hu Yi'an. Hu delivers a course of lectures on life and death at Guangzhou University. He worries that universities have paid little attention to education for life.   "Education for life helps students respect and love life so they won't resort to ending their lives when they have difficulties," said Hu.   According to Hu, the principles can be incorporated into everyday teaching.
Michael froze as he heard the voice on the radio saying that a man had been murdered by a bullet that had come from the sky. Thinking that the shot they had fired possibly was the shot that killed Mr. Ward, he immediately drove off. For the next two months, Michael and Joe hid the secret that the bullet had actually shot Mr. Ward.   During this time, Jenna Ward started to realize life without her father. While Jenna mourned the death of her father, a strange boy started to appear at the front steps of the church. After many nights of watching this boy, she finally recognized that it was Michael who was sitting on the steps every night.   After months of finding out where the shot came, the police arrived at Michael's house. His dad mentioned the gun that Michael had received from his grandpa at his birthday party. Michael told the police that Joe had borrowed the gun. Upon this, Joe said that the gun had been stolen out of his car along with his CD player. After the police were gone, Michael met Joe and told Joe the gun was under the wood pile in his backyard.   One day , Michael came home to find the police searching his backyard with metal detectors .When the Sergeant went into the woods behind the house , he came out with a bullet that Joe and he had shot off on his birthday .The bullet matched the one that they had recovered from Mr Ward , but without the gun , the police could not place Michael as the killer.   With the pressure increasing .Michael finally broke down and realized he had to give up .On a Saturday morning , he went to Jenna's house to confess to her and her mother and then turned himself in .
Nana had a bunch of money. She had saved money her whole life. But Nana was afraid of people stealing her money. She planned to hide it. First she moved it around in her house and hid it behind a wall. Then she put her money in the attic. But she still didn't feel safe about her money. She was sure someone would find it. Finally she took it outside and started digging in the ground. She buried it in the ground so no one would find it. "It is going be safe here," said Nana. She was very pleased that she had hidden her money so well. The next day after breakfast, she went outside to make sure her money was still there. She stopped at the spot she thought she had buried it and began digging. After some time she hadn't found it. She climbed out of the hole and looked around. She had used a tree as a way to mark the spot. But she couldn't tell which tree. The wind was blowing and the trees all looked the same! She had used a brown spot on the ground to mark the spot. But she couldn't tell which brown spot it was! She knew she wasn't lost. Nana had hidden her money so well that no one could find it, and that included her!
Is it just harmless fun, or is something seriously wrong developing in sporting relations between Spain and France?   Yannick Noah, the last French tennis player to win the French Open back in 1983, started it last year when he claimed that Spain's recent sporting success could only be due to doping.   His remarks were quickly shot down by Rafael Nadal, the Spaniard who has won the Paris grand slam six times -- a record he shares with Bjorn Borg, and may hold alone this year.   Now Nadal is at the center of another row, sparked by a comedy program on French channel Canal Plus that spoofed the 25-year-old and cycling champion Alberto Contador, who was this week stripped of his 2010 Tour de France title and banned after a long-running doping saga.   The Spanish government is so upset it has told its ambassador to France to send a written protest to French media, including the offending channel.   And the Spanish Tennis Federation has responded by threatening a lawsuit.   "The RFET will sue Canal Plus Francia for broadcasting a video which, besides inadmissible and slanderous insinuations, uses the federation's logo. The RFET will also get support from other Spanish sports federation mentioned in that video, so that there is a common judicial action," it said in a statement.   The French show, called "Les Guignols" (the Puppets), features lifelike representations of Nadal, Contador and Spain's World Cup-winning football captain Iker Casillas among others.   They are shown writing in books with syringes, and in one scene the muscular Nadal puppet fills up its car's petrol tank from its own bladder. 
Defending champion Serena Williams overcame a gutsy display from Jelena Jankovic on Saturday to reach the final of the WTA Championships in Istanbul.   The World No.1 was forced to work hard against her Serbian opponent in the Sinan Erdem Dome, but eventually came through to win in three sets 6-4, 2-6, 6-4 to set up a showdown with China's Li Na in Sunday's final.   Williams started slowly and was soon 3-1 down but fought back to take the opening set. But any thoughts of a quick finish were dashed as errors crept into the American's game. Jankovic took full advantage winning the set with ease.   A more composed Serena returned in the deciding set which she won 6-4 but not before Jankovic had gamely saved three match points.   "I'm just really trying out here. I think my body's a little tired after so many matches -- I think yesterday I kind of hit a wall. But I'm just fighting out here," Williams said.   "Honestly I'm just happy to still be in the tournament, and I'm honoured to be in the final again."   Li's match against Petra Kvitova was a less exhausting affair with the 31-year-old seeing off the Czech left-hander 6-4, 6-2.   Li had already broken new ground by becoming the first Chinese woman to reach the semifinals of the WTA Championships, but by beating Kvitova, she has risen to World No.3 and becomes the highest ranked Asian women in history.   With both Li and Williams undefeated in the tournament so far, the winner of Sunday's match will walk away with Â£2,145,000 while the runner-up is guaranteed $1,090,000. 
Braille is a tactile writing system used by people who are blind or visually impaired. It is traditionally written with embossed paper. Braille users can read computer screens and other electronic supports thanks to refreshable braille displays. They can write braille with the original slate and stylus or type it on a braille writer, such as a portable braille notetaker or computer that prints with a braille embosser.   Braille is named after its creator, Louis Braille, a Frenchman who lost his sight as a result of a childhood accident. In 1824, at age 15, he developed a code for the French alphabet as an improvement on night writing. He published his system, which subsequently included musical notation, in 1829. The second revision, published in 1837, was the first binary form of writing developed in the modern era.   Braille characters are rectangular blocks called "cells" containing tiny bumps called "raised dots". The number and arrangement of these dots distinguish one character from another. Since the various braille alphabets originated as transcription codes for printed writing, the mappings (sets of character designations) vary from language to language. Furthermore, in English Braille there are three levels of encoding: Grade 1 – a letter-by-letter transcription used for basic literacy; Grade 2 – an addition of abbreviations and contractions; and Grade 3 – various non-standardized personal shorthands.
In philosophy, idealism is the group of philosophies which assert that reality, or reality as we can know it, is fundamentally mental, mentally constructed, or otherwise immaterial. Epistemologically, idealism manifests as a skepticism about the possibility of knowing any mind-independent thing. In a sociological sense, idealism emphasizes how human ideas—especially beliefs and values—shape society. As an ontological doctrine, idealism goes further, asserting that all entities are composed of mind or spirit. Idealism thus rejects physicalist and dualist theories that fail to ascribe priority to the mind.   The earliest extant arguments that the world of experience is grounded in the mental derive from India and Greece. The Hindu idealists in India and the Greek Neoplatonists gave panentheistic arguments for an all-pervading consciousness as the ground or true nature of reality. In contrast, the Yogācāra school, which arose within Mahayana Buddhism in India in the 4th century CE, based its "mind-only" idealism to a greater extent on phenomenological analyses of personal experience. This turn toward the subjective anticipated empiricists such as George Berkeley, who revived idealism in 18th-century Europe by employing skeptical arguments against materialism.
An arm, legs, underwear, dark jeans and size 5½ Air Jordan sneakers turned up on the Queens side of the East River. The jeans and shoes were the same size of Avonte Oquendo, an autistic 14-year-old last seen last fall walking unsupervised out of his school.   Yet his mother was steadfast: "It's not Avonte until it's Avonte."   That time has come.   On Tuesday -- five days after those body parts and scraps of clothing were found -- Vanessa Fontaine learned that DNA tests proved her son's remains indeed had been found.   Her lawyer said that Fontaine has been stoic, strong, focused and hopeful throughout this ordeal. But after police told her the news on Tuesday, "she finally just broke down ... just crying and crying."   "I kept saying, Vanessa, say it again," David Perecman said of his muddled phone conversation. To which she replied through the tears, "It's Avonte, it's Avonte. (The police) came. It's Avonte."   So ended not just her family's search for the teenager, but that of the United States' most populated city. Police deployed sniffer dogs, combed surveillance footage and repeatedly canvassed each of New York City's 468 subway stations because of Avonte's love of trains.   Missing teen's fascination with trains shifts search   The most poignant, most personal part of the search was Fontaine's recorded voice that was broadcast from patrol cars and other search vehicles. Avonte couldn't communicate verbally and had the mental capacity of a 7- or 8-year-old. But Fontaine hoped that he would hear her and head toward a police car's flashing lights to safety. 
Pacing and Pausing Sara tried to befriend her old friend Steve's new wife, but Betty never seemed to have anything to say. While Sara felt Betty didn't hold up her end of the conversation, Betty complained to Steve that Sara never gave her a chance to talk. The problem had to do with expectations about pacing and pausing. Conversation is a turn-taking game. When our habits are similar, there's no problem. But if our habits are different, you may start to talk before I'm finished or fail to take your turn when I'm finished. That's what was happening with Betty and Sara. It may not be coincidental that Betty, who expected relatively longer pauses between turns, is British, and Sara, who expected relatively shorter pauses, is American. Betty often felt interrupted by Sara. But Betty herself became an interrupter and found herself doing most of the talking when she met a visitor from Finland. And Sara had a hard time cutting in on some speakers from Latin America or Israel. The general phenomenon, then, is that the small conversation techniques, like pacing and pausing, lead people to draw conclusions not about conversational style but about personality and abilities. These habitual differences are often the basis for dangerous stereotyping . And these social phenomena can have very personal consequences. For example, a woman from the southwestern part of the US went to live in an eastern city to take up a job in personnel. When the Personnel Department got together for meetings, she kept searching for the right time to break in -- and never found it. Although back home she was considered outgoing and confident, in Washington she was viewed as shy and retiring. When she was evaluated at the end of the year, she was told to take a training course because of her inability to speak up. That's why slight differences in conversational style -- tiny little things like microseconds of pause -- can have a great effect on one's life. The result in this cause was a judgment of psychological problems -- even in the mind of the woman herself, who really wondered what was wrong with her and registered for _ training.
Andres Iniesta could miss Spain's opening game at the World Cup after suffering a thigh injury in a warm-up match.   The Barcelona midfielder set up two goals for Spain in their emphatic 6-0 win over Poland in Murcia on Monday, but was substituted after just 39 minutes.   Iniesta missed a large chunk of Barcelona's season with a thigh complaint, but team doctors insisted the injury was only minor.   "We substituted him because he had some discomfort in the back part of the thigh," Spain's team doctor Dr Oscar Celada was quoted as saying by the UK Press Association.   "He didn't notice any tear and it has not got any worse. It was at the start of the match and as he wasn't comfortable, we made the change - it's a minor muscle injury.   "We will calmly carry out tests on Wednesday, but we can initially rule out any muscle tear. It's a minor injury, but we have to take precautions," he added.   Two of Spain's other injury doubts, Arsenal midfielder Cesc Fabregas and Liverpool striker Fernando Torres, both came on a substitutes against Poland -- and scored -- as they look to step up their fitness.   It was Torres' first action since playing for Liverpool against Portuguese side Benfica back in April.   "It was almost two months without playing since the Benfica game and I was really keen to come back," he said after the match.   "They have let me play for a while today and it was great to go out there and score." 
Johannesburg (; ; also known as Jozi, Joburg and Egoli) is the largest city in South Africa and is one of the 50 largest urban areas in the world. It is the provincial largest city in Gauteng, which is the wealthiest province in South Africa. While Johannesburg is not one of South Africa's three capital cities, it is the seat of the Constitutional Court. The city is located in the mineral-rich Witwatersrand range of hills and is the centre of large-scale gold and diamond trade.   In 2011, the population of the city of Johannesburg was 4,434,827, making it the largest city in South Africa. In the same year, the population of Greater Johannesburg Metropolitan Area was 7,860,781. Some view the area surrounding the city of Johannesburg yet more broadly than the metropolitan area, adding Ekurhuleni, West Rand and Lenasia; that larger area had a population of 8,434,292 in 2011. The land area of the municipal city () is large in comparison with those of other major cities, resulting in a moderate population density of .   The city was established in 1886 following the discovery of gold on what had been a farm. The name is attributed to one or all of three men involved in the establishment of the city. In ten years, the population was 100,000 inhabitants.
Nicklas Bendtner scored a hat-trick as a rampant Arsenal side thrashed Porto 5-0 at The Emirates to reach the quarterfinals of the Champions League on Tuesday.   Danish international Bendtner had been widely criticized for missing a host of chances in Arsenal's 3-1 Premier League win over Burnley on Saturday -- however, he was in the right place at the right time twice in the first-half as the Londonders comfortably overturned their 2-1 first leg deficit.   The opening goal came in the 10th minute when Bendtner was on hand to fire into an empty net after goalkeeper Helton had rushed out to block the on-coming Andrey Arshavin.   And he doubled the lead 15 minutes later after more good work from Russian Arshavin, who evaded two challenges on the edge of the area before crossing for the striker to comfortably slot home.   Porto came out with more determination after the break but were hit by two goals in the space of three minutes around the hour mark.   First, Frenchman Samir Nasir produced a moment of breathtaking skill and fast foot-work to dance around three Porto challenges before firing past Helton from an acute angle.   Then, with their Portuguese opponents chasing the game, Arshavin collected the ball on the break after a Porto corner was cleared.   He had Emmanuel Eboue overlapping in support -- and the pass was perfect for the Ivorian to round the goalkeeper before stroking the ball home.   And a superb night for Arsenal -- and Bendtner in particular -- was completed in the final minute when Eboue was fouled in the penalty area, and the Dane stepped up to fire his penalty wide of Helton's despairing dive. 
Hetty Robinson learnt all about money when very young. As a child, she read the financial pages of the newspaper to her rich father. Her father died when Hetty was 30, and she inherited $1 million. When she herself died in 1916, she left almost $100 million to her two children.   Hetty made her money on the New York stock exchange. She was a financial genius. She made money so easily that people called her the Witch of Wall Street. But although she was one of the richest women in the world, she counted every cent and spent as little as possible. She didn't own a house, because she didn't want to pay taxes. So she and her children lived in cheap hotels. She spent almost nothing on clothes, and always wore the same long black dress. She washed it herself, but to save soap she only washed the bottom of the dress, where it touched the ground. Other people had their own offices, but Hetty used a desk in the bank where she kept her money, because it didn't cost anything. She sat in the bank and ate her sandwiches while she bought and sold stocks and shares. If the bank complained, she just moved all her money to another bank.   Hetty's family paid the price for her meanness. When she was 33 she married a millionaire, Edward Green, and they had two children. But Green lost all his money, so she left him. When her son, Ned, injured his knee, Hetty didn't want to pay for a doctor, so she took him to a free hospital for poor people. Unfortunately the doctor knew Hetty was rich and he asked for money. Hetty refused and took the boy away. His leg got worse and two years later doctors removed it.   But eventually Ned got his revenge . At the age of 81, Hetty had an argument with a shop assistant about the price of a bottle of milk. She became so angry that she had a heart attack and died. So Hetty's meanness finally killed her. Ned inherited half his mother's fortune, and he spent it all on parties, holidays and expensive jewellery.
Any high school students lucky enough to be accepted to Harvard University can easily count themselves among the country's best and brightest.   The story of David Boone's journey from sleeping on a park bench to one of Harvard's dorm rooms, certainly stands out from the crowd of his peers.   David, a 17-year-old senior at a MC2 Stem, a high school in Cleveland, Ohio that focuses largely on engineering and science classes with the help of a grant from the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, was offered a full-ride scholarship to Harvard in the fall.   His family life has been complicated for the past few years after gangs and economic hardships resulted in him being separated from his family and forced to look after himself on the streets and park benches in Cleveland.   Because both his grandmother and mother could not afford to house the teenagers, his siblings split up to stay with various family friends, but because of space issues and his allergies to the families pets, David was unable to stay. He ended up in the safer neighborhood of Coventry where there was a safer park with fewer dangers.   "All of these life lessons have shaped me into who I am, transforming my dreams and aspirations and allowing me to free myself from what was becoming an unproductive environment," he wrote in his blog post.   David's thirst for knowledge had never been reduced and his enthusiasm for engineering and science was growing. A short while later, Jeff McClellan, the principal of MC2 Stem was immediately impressed by David's dedication in the face of adversity, as well as his academic talent.   "Here's a kid who's doing everything in his power to get where he wants to go and we had the available resources to provide a little additional support, "Mr McClellan told the local ABC News.   At MC2 Stem, David found the exact fit, where it seems he was born to absorb what they were offering. Principal Jeff McClellan found David to be a great student and all-around person, but with a serious living situation, so he stepped in to help. After a home discussion with his wife, McClellan decided to offer David a place to live until he could find another home. Mr McClellan and his wife took the teen in and helped him before he found a permanent solution.   When it came to his next step, David aimed high and applied for a list of top colleges, including the University of Pennsylvania, MIT, Princeton, Cornell, Yale, Harvard and Washington University in St. Louis. In the end, only MIT rejected his application and he was left to choose his own fate from the selective prestigious and mostly Ivy League schools.   David's next challenge is to fight back tears at graduation this weekend. "I promised myself I wouldn't cry. But I realize that's what everyone does before they cry. I'm pretty sure there's going to be a lot of emotion there." he said.
Here's something shocking.   Democrats and Republicans totally disagree about the significance of the GOP's victory in the first major competitive congressional ballot box test of 2014.   Republican candidate David Jolly narrowly edged out Democrat Alex Sink to win Tuesday's special election in Florida's 13th Congressional District. Jolly will fill out the term of his former boss, longtime Republican Rep. Bill Young, who died in October.   Republicans win first election showdown of the year   The race was consistently in the spotlight with national Republicans framing the election as a referendum on Obamacare. They injected a massive infusion of outside ad money into the race and some pundits cast the election as a possible bellwether for November's midterms.   "I think this was a referendum on (President Barack Obama's) policies and on Obamacare, that played out significantly to the disadvantage of (House Democratic Leader) Nancy Pelosi. And I think it sets the tone for what's coming in the fall," Rep. Greg Walden of Oregon, the chairman of the National Republican Congressional Committee, told CNN Wednesday.   "We've been trying to tell people this is a referendum election, Obamacare is not helping people the way it was promised, and Democrats are going to have a lot of answering to do," Walden added.   But his counterpart at the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee sees very little predictive value in the results.   "Special elections are not indicators of the future. They never have been. They never will be. And certainly this is not an indicator of the future," Rep. Steve Israel, the DCCC chairman, told reporters. 
It was Saturday when the entire summer world was bright and fresh. Tom looked at the fence, which was long and high, feeling all enthusiasm leaving him. He dipped his brush into the whitewash before moving it along the top board of the fence. He knew other boys would arrive soon with all minds of interesting plans for this day. As walking past him, they would tease him for having to work on a beautiful Saturday--which burnt him like fire.   He, putting his hands into his pockets and taking out all he owned with the expectation of letting someone paint, found nothing that could buy half an hour of freedom. At this dark and hopeless moment, a wonderful idea occurred to him, pouring a great bright light into his mind. He took up his brush and continued to work pleasantly with calm and quietness.   Presently, Ben Rogers came in sight--munching an apple and making joyful noises like the sound of a riverboat as he walked along. Tom went on whitewashing, paying no attention to the steamboat. "Hello!" Ben said, "I'm going swimming, but you can't go, can you?"   No answer. Tom moved his brush gently along the fence and surveyed the result. Ben came nearer. Tom's mouth watered for Ben's apple while he kept painting the fence.   Ben said, "That's a lot of work, isn't it?"   Tom turned suddenly saying "Here you are! Ben! I didn't notice you."   "I'm going swimming," Ben said. "Don't you wish you could go? Or would you rather work?" Tom said, "Work? What do you mean 'work'?"   "Isn't that work?" Tom continued painting and answered carelessly, "Maybe it is, and maybe it isn't. All I know is it suits Tom Sawyer."   "Do you mean that you enjoy it?"   "I don't see why I oughtn't to enjoy it."   "Does a boy have a chance to paint a fence frequently" said Tom.   Ben stopped munching his apple.   Tom moved his brush back and forth--stepped back to note the effect--added a little paint here and there. Ben watched every move, getting more and more interested, more and more absorbed. After a short time, he said, "Tom, let me whitewash a little."   Tom seemed to be thinking for a moment before he said, "No, Aunt Polly wants this fence to be perfect. If it was the back fence, maybe you could do it. But this fence beside the street is where everybody can see it. It has to be done right."   "Oh, come on, let me try. I'll be careful. Listen, Tom. I'll give you part of my apple if you let me paint." "No, Ben, I'm afraid--" "I'll give you all the apple!"   Tom handed the brush to Ben with unwillingness on his face but _ in his heart. While the riverboat worked and sweated in the hot sun, Tom, an artist sat in the shade close by, munching his apple, and planning how he could trick more of the boys.   Before long there were enough boys each of whom came along the street; stopped to laugh but soon begged to be allowed to paint. By the middle of the afternoon, Tom had got many treasures while the fence had had three layers of whitewash on it. If he hadn't run out of whitewash, he would have owned everything belonging to the boys in the village.   Tom said to himself that the world was not so depressing after all. He had discovered a great law of human action: in order to make a man cover a thing, it is only necessary to make the thing difficult to attain.
Our brains work in complex and strange ways. There are some people who can calculate the day of the week for any given date in 40,000 years, but who cannot add two plus two. Others can perform complex classical piano pieces after hearing them once, but they cannot read or write.   Dr. J. Langdon Down first described this condition in 1887. He called these people idiot savants. An idiot savant is a person who has significant mental injury, such as in autism or retardation. At the same time, the person also exhibits some extraordinary skills, which are unusual for most people. The skills of the savant may vary from being exceptionally gifted in music or in mathematics, or having a photographic memory.   One of the first descriptions of a human who could calculate quickly was written in 1789 by Dr. Benjamin Rush, an American doctor. His patient, Thomas Fuller, was brought to Virginia as a slave in 1724. It took Thomas only 90 seconds to work out that a man who has lived 70 years, 17 days, and 12 hours has lived 2,210,500,800 seconds. Despite this ability, he died in 1790 without ever learning to read or write.   Another idiot savant slave became famous as a pianist in the 1860s. Blind Tom had a vocabulary of only 100 words, but he played 5,000 musical pieces beautifully.   In the excellent movie Rain Man, made in 1988 and available on video cassette, Dustin Hoffman plays an idiot savant who amazes his brother played by Tom Cruise, with his ability to perform complex calculations very rapidly.   Today we more clearly recognize that the idiot savant is special because of brain impairment. Yet not all brain injury leads to savant skills. Some studies have shown that people who have purposeful interruption of the left side of the brain can develop idiot savant skills. However few people wish to participate in such experiments. There are many excellent reasons for not undergoing unnecessary experimentation on one's brain. The term idiot savant is outdated and inappropriate. Virtually all savants have a high degree of intelligence and are thus not idiots.
Many young people want to be pop stars. Pop stars are rich. Many people think they are leading a happy and easy life. Is that true? The answer is definitely no. In fact, they have very hard lives. They spend much of their time on travel. Sometimes the travel is interesting, but in most time it is boring to pop stars. The following chart is a day's life of a pop star. Feb. l0, 2016 5:00 Woke up and had breakfast in the hotel. Took taxi to airport. 7:30 Plane took off half an hour later than usual for the bad weather. 8:30 Plane landed. Waited for luggage for half an hour. Signed for fans at the airport. 9:45 Arrived at the hotel and had a short rest. 10:00 Started out to attend the meeting with fans and gave an interview to the local reporters. 11:00 Went to radio station to attend the live show. 12:00 Had lunch with local producer I3:00 Went to theatre and prepared for the night's show. 17:00 Back to hotel. Tried to have a rest. Still worried about the band. 18:00 Had supper, but ate little. 18:30 Went to theatre again and got ready for show. 19:30 Sang very well, and audience gave a warm welcome. The band improved a little. 22:00 Show was over. Very tired from it. 23:00 Back to hotel. Took a bath. Too excited to sleep, so watched TV. 0:00 Fell asleep, with TV on.
Tjaart van der Walt will seek to upstage two of his most illustrious golfing compatriots and win his first professional tournament at the Africa Open on Sunday.   The 37-year-old goes into the final round tied for the lead with 2010 British Open champion Louis Oosthuizen and one shot ahead of two-time U.S. Open winner Retief Goosen after carding a superb eight-under-par 65 in East London on Saturday.   Van der Walt, who finished second in a 2005 U.S. PGA Tour event, eliminated Oosthuizen's two-shot overnight lead as he started with four successive birdies and -- like his fellow South African -- picked up a shot at the final hole.   The world No. 347's only blemish at his home event came at the par-four eighth hole, and he was confident he could contend for his first title since turning pro in 1996 in the opening event of the 2012 European Tour season.   "At the end of the day, the golf ball doesn't know that they are major champions," he said of his rivals. "I've played at the highest level, I've never won majors or big events, so who knows what can happen.   "I do feel as if I am controlling the golf ball as well as I have in a long time. Not just tee to green, but on the greens as well. And that's a good sign for me. I'm entitled to forget the one bad shot I hit all day."   Defending champion Oosthuizen's only lapse came at the par-five 11th hole as he took four shots to reach the green. 
IPA Braille is the modern standard Braille encoding of the International Phonetic Alphabet (IPA), as recognized by the International Council on English Braille.   A braille version of the IPA was first created by Merrick and Potthoff in 1934, and published in London. It was used in France, Germany, and anglophone countries. However, it was not updated as the IPA evolved, and by 1989 had become obsolete. In 1990 it was officially reissued by BAUK, but in a corrupted form that made it largely unworkable. In 1997 BANA created a completely new system for the United States and Canada. However, it was incompatible with braille IPA elsewhere in the world and in addition proved to be cumbersome and often inadequate. In 2008 Robert Englebretson revised the Merrick and Potthoff notation and by 2011 this had been accepted by BANA. It is largely true to the original in consonants and vowels, though the diacritics were completely reworked, as necessitated by the major revisions in print IPA diacritics since 1934. The diacritics were also made more systematic, and follow rather than precede the base letters. However, it has no general procedure for marking tone, and not all diacritics can be written.   IPA Braille does not use the conventions of English Braille. It is set off by slash or square brackets, which indicate that the intervening material is IPA rather than national orthography. Thus brackets are required in braille even when not used in print.
Alfonso Ribeiro didn't make us wait long before he revived "The Carlton" on "Dancing With the Stars."   On Monday night, the former "Fresh Prince of Bel Air" star dusted off his old familiar moves in week four of the competition.   The theme of the week was "Most Memorable Year," and "Dancing" saved the best for last. After watching the other nine celebrities and their pro dancing partners run through sambas, rumbas and jives, Ribeiro and pro dancer Witney Carson took the floor with a jazz routine set to Tom Jones' "It's Not Unusual" -- a.k.a. the song that Ribeiro's "Fresh Prince" character, Carlton Banks, couldn't help but dance to.   Dressed in a costume straight out of his "Fresh Prince's" character's closet -- a v-neck sweater and a bow tie -- Ribeiro looked like he was having a blast re-creating those exuberant dance steps along with Carson.   The judges were thrilled, giving the couple a perfect score.   Ribeiro acknowledged that playing Will Smith's dorkier cousin during "Fresh Prince's" six-season run in the '90s did leave him pigeonholed as an actor, but he has no grudge against the dance that's come to bear his character's name.   "I love the Carlton dance. I love how it makes people feel," he said in an interview. "I certainly don't do it a lot. But I love the fact that people have this nostalgic look at that dance. ... This was all for the fans."   Viewers haven't been as overjoyed with fashion designer Betsey Johnson's performance. She was the latest star to exit the series on Monday night. 
East Prussia enclosed the bulk of the ancestral lands of the Baltic Old Prussians. During the 13th century, the native Prussians were conquered by the crusading Teutonic Knights. The indigenous Balts who survived the conquest were gradually converted to Christianity. Because of Germanization and colonisation over the following centuries, Germans became the dominant ethnic group, while Poles and Lithuanians formed minorities. From the 13th century, East Prussia was part of the monastic state of the Teutonic Knights. After the Second Peace of Thorn in 1466 it became a fief of the Kingdom of Poland. In 1525, with the Prussian Homage, the province became the Duchy of Prussia. The Old Prussian language had become extinct by the 17th or early 18th century.   Because the duchy was outside of the core Holy Roman Empire, the prince-electors of Brandenburg were able to proclaim themselves King of Prussia beginning in 1701. After the annexation of most of western Royal Prussia in the First Partition of the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth in 1772, eastern (ducal) Prussia was connected by land with the rest of the Prussian state and was reorganized as a province the following year (1773). Between 1829 and 1878, the Province of East Prussia was joined with West Prussia to form the Province of Prussia.
Yesterday, Emily and Evelyn went to the zoo with their mom. They left the house right after breakfast so that they would be there when the zoo opened. Once inside, they raced to see the monkeys swinging around their cages. There were even two baby monkeys! The girls also enjoyed feeding birds in the walk-in bird cage. The birds were very interested in picking seeds from the popsicle stick that Emily held out to them. Next, it was time to stop for ice cream. Each girl chose a small cup of soft ice cream. Emily chose a swirl of chocolate and vanilla and Evelyn had chocolate. Ice cream at the zoo was the perfect treat on a hot summer day. The best part of the girls' visit was the giraffe area. They walked past rhinos and tortoises to get to the giraffe area which was on a raised deck. The giraffes stretched their necks up to the deck to eat leaves and hay that were placed there for them. Emily and Evelyn bought special crackers to feed to the giraffes. Emily liked that she could pet the giraffes when they reached out to grab the crackers with their long tongues. Evelyn liked to watch the giraffes, but did not want to feed one herself. After feeding the giraffes, the girls left the zoo, hot and tired and ready to return soon!
Gia was new in the neighborhood. She really wanted to meet some new friends. She was lonely and tired of playing with her toys all by herself. Her mother told her that the best way to meet new friends was to go somewhere where other kids are at. She remembered seeing a park on the corner when they were moving in. She asked her mother if she could go to the park. Her mother walked her down the street to the park. When Gia got to the park she was not happy. There was no one there. She sat on a swing and looked at the ground. It seemed like this was going to be another lonely day. Gia heard a noise and looked up. There was a girl coming down the hill. She smiled, but she was a little scared. What if she wasn't nice? That would make her sad. Gia was so happy when the girl walked up and said, "Hi, my name is Julie. What's yours?"
John Henson -- a son of the late, great children's entertainment visionary Jim Henson -- died after a "sudden, massive heart attack," his family's company said.   The Jim Henson Company announced the death of the 48-year-old son of its iconic founder in a Facebook post Saturday.   He died Friday while at home with one of his two daughters, the post said. John Henson is also survived by his wife, Gyongyi, and his siblings Lisa, Cheryl, Brian and Heather.   Two other members of his family had top jobs in their father's namesake company, with Brian Henson as chairman and Lisa Henson as CEO. John Henson is listed prominently as one of five members of "the Henson family" on the company's website.   John Henson served as a shareholder and board member of The Jim Henson Company.   According to imdb.com, John Henson was active in the family business in the 1980s, 1990s and 2000s, perhaps most notably for his portrayal of Sweetums, a large, gruff-looking, lovable character on "The Muppets."   His father, Jim, died suddenly in 1990, after a celebrated career in which he launched shows like "The Muppets," "Fraggle Rock" and created beloved characters from "Sesame Street" such as Big Bird, Elmo, the Cookie Monster and Oscar the Grouch.   Last April, John's mother, Jane Nabel Henson -- who met Jim in a puppetry class at the University of Maryland in 1954 and married him five years later -- died at the age of 79 after a "long battle with cancer."   Jane Henson dies of cancer 
Tom appeared on the sidewalk with a bucket of whitewash and a long-handled brush. He stopped by the fence in front of the house where he lived with his aunt Polly. He looked at it, and all joy left him. The fence was long and high. He put the brush into the whitewash and moved it along the top of the fence. He repeated the operation. He felt he could not continue and sat down.   He knew that his friends would arrive soon with all kinds of interesting plans for the day. They would walk past him and laugh. They would make jokes about his having to work on a beautiful summer Saturday. The thought burned him like fire.   He put his hand into his pockets and took out all that he owned. Perhaps he could find some way to pay someone to do the whitewashing for him. But there was nothing of value in his pockets --nothing that could buy even half an hour of freedom. So he put the bits of toys back into his pockets and gave up the idea   At this dark and hopeless moment, a wonderful idea came to him. It filled his mind with a great, bright light. Calmly he picked up the brush and started again to whitewash.   While Tom was working, Ben Rogers appeared. Ben was eating an apple as he walked along the street. As he walked along, he was making noises like the sound of a riverboat. First he shouted loudly, like a boat captain. Then he said "Ding-Dong-Dong", "Ding-Dong-Dong" again and again, like the bell of a riverboat. And he made other strange noises. When he came close to Tom, he stopped.   Tom went on whitewashing. He did not look at Ben. Ben stared a moment and then said: "Hello! I'm going swimming, but you can't go, can you?"   No answer. Tom moved his brush carefully along the fence and looked at the result with the eye of an artist. Ben came nearer. Tom's mouth watered for the apple, but he kept on working.   Ben said, "Hello, old fellow, you've got to work, hey?"   Tom turned suddenly and said, "Why, it's you, Ben! I wasn't noticing."   "Say --I'm going swimming. Don't you wish you could? But of course you'd rather work -- wouldn't you? Of course you would."   Tom looked at the boy a bit, and said "What do you call work?"   "Why, isn't that work?"   Tom went back to his whitewashing, and answered carelessly.   "Well, maybe it is, and maybe it isn't. All I know is, it suits Tom Sawyer."   "Oh come, now, you don't mean to say that you like it?"   The brush continued to move.   "Like it? Well, I don't see why I shouldn't like it. Does a boy get a chance to whitewash a fence every day?"   Ben stopped eating his apple. Tom moved his brush back and forth, stepped back to look at the result, added a touch here and there, and stepped back again. Ben watched every move and got more and more interested. Soon he said,   "Say, Tom, let me whitewash a little."   Tom thought for a moment, was about to agree; but he changed his mind.   "No --no --it won't do, Ben. You see, Aunt Polly wants this fence to be perfect. It has got to be done very carefully. I don't think there is one boy in a thousand, maybe two thousand, that can do it well enough."   "No --is that so? Oh come, now --let me just try. Only just a little." "Ben, I'd like to, but if it isn't done right, I'm afraid Aunt Polly ... "   "Oh, I'll be careful. Now let me try. Say --I'll give you the core of my apple."   "Well, here --No, Ben, now don't. I'm afraid ..."   "I'll give you all of it."   Tom gave up the brush with unwillingness on his face, but joy in his heart. And while Ben worked at the fence in the hot sun, Tom sat under a tree, eating the apple, and planning how to get more help. There were enough boys. Each one came to laugh, but remained to whitewash. By the time Ben was tired, Tom sold the next chance to Billy for a kite; and when Billy was tired, Johnny bought in for a dead rat --and so on, hour after hour. And when the middle of the afternoon came, Tom had won many treasures.   And he had not worked. He had had a nice idle time all the time, with plenty of company -and the fence had been whitewashed three times. If he hadn't run out of whitewash, Tom would have owned everything belonging to his friends.   He had discovered a great law of human action, namely, that in order to make a man or a boy want a thing, it is only necessary to make the thing difficult to get.
National Geographic, formerly the National Geographic Magazine, is the official magazine of the National Geographic Society. It has been published continuously since its first issue in 1888, nine months after the Society itself was founded. It primarily contains articles about science, geography, history, and world culture. The magazine is known for its thick square-bound glossy format with a yellow rectangular border and its extensive use of dramatic photographs. Controlling interest in the magazine has been held by 21st Century Fox since 2015.   The magazine is published monthly, and additional map supplements are also included with subscriptions. It is available in a traditional printed edition and through an interactive online edition. On occasion, special editions of the magazine are issued.   As of 2015, the magazine was circulated worldwide in nearly 40 local-language editions and had a global circulation of approximately 6.5 million per month according to data published by "The Washington Post" (down from about 12 million in the late 1980s) or 6.7 million according to National Geographic. This includes a US circulation of 3.5 million.   The current Editor-in-Chief of the "National Geographic Magazine" is Susan Goldberg. Goldberg is also Editorial Director for National Geographic Partners, overseeing the print and digital expression of National Geographic’s editorial content across its media platforms. She is responsible for News, Books (with the exception of National Geographic Kids books), "National Geographic Traveler" magazine, "National Geographic History" magazine, Maps, and all digital content with the exception of National Geographic Kids. Goldberg reports to Declan Moore, CEO of National Geographic Partners.
On an August afternoon last year, Pamela Rivers, 40, and her friend Rita Graham, 38, were stopped at a red light on Cobb's Creek Parkway in South Philadelphia when a white SUV traveling in the opposite direction turned across traffic in front of them. It then jumped the curb and rushed through a grassy expanse before plunging down an embankment toward Cobb's Creek. Pamela quickly pulled over, jumped out of her car, and dialed 911.   Kenny Gibson, 23, and his friend Taron Green, 25, were driving home from a job when Rita flagged them down. Kenny stopped, and the men got out of the car and looked over the cliff. The SUV had landed upside down in five feet of water. A woman's leg could be seen swinging out the driver's side window.   "I have a fear of water," Kenny said now. "I almost drowned when I was nine." Even so, he and Taron hurried down the 50-foot embankment into the muddy water. "I couldn't just leave her," he adds.   The men waded out to the car and saw that the woman, Cheryl Allison, 61, was partially in water. Kenny tried unsuccessfully to open the door. Then he broke the window. But when he reached in to pull out Cheryl, he found she was trapped by the seat belt.   "Run back to the truck and grab a box cutter ," Kenny yelled to Taron. Meanwhile, Kenny tried in vain to push the car onto its side to create an air pocket for Cheryl.   That's when mechanic Marcell Porter approached the site. "I flipped into rescue mode," he said. When Taron returned, Kenny cut through the seat belt with the box cutter. He and Marcell tried to pull Cheryl out, but she wouldn't come out.   Marcell broke the rear window with a rock, hoping to rescue her from the back. Then he saw that she was still strapped in by her shoulder belt. Marcell reached for the box cutter and cut the remaining strap in two. Kenny leaned in, grabbed Cheryl by the waist, and pulled her out feet first. Marcell grasped Cheryl's legs, and they managed to drag her lifeless body onto a rock.   "Give her CPR!" Pamela yelled down to them. But the two men had no idea what to do. "Put your mouth on her mouth and breathe," she shouted to Marcell. And to Kenny, "Pump her chest!"   "We tried three times," said Marcell. Finally, Cheryl brought up water and started moving her fingers. The men rolled her over onto her stomach to let out more water.   Soon an ambulance arrived and transported Cheryl to the hospital, where doctors treated her. They never discovered what caused her to pass out, but she assumes it had something to do with the burning summer heat.   Over the next few days, they took turns visiting Cheryl in the hospital, where they shared hugs and tears. "We couldn't believe she was all right," said Pamela.   "It's just amazing that these people came together," said Cheryl. She stays in touch with her "angels" via frequent phone calls. "They are really beautiful people," she said.
The funeral service for "Sopranos" actor James Gandolfini will be held Thursday in Manhattan, a family friend told CNN on Sunday.   Gandolfini, who was on a working vacation in Rome, died Wednesday. An autopsy determined his death was the result of a heart attack, according to Michael Kobold, the family friend.   The actor's remains are scheduled to leave Rome on Monday and arrive in the United States the same evening, Kobold said. The service will be held at 10 a.m. Thursday at the Cathedral Church of St. John the Divine in Manhattan.   "On behalf of the Gandolfini family, I would like to thank the Italian authorities for all of the assistance they have rendered in expediting the formalities necessary to repatriate James Gandolfini's remains to the United States," Kobold said.   "We are fully aware that this process usually takes seven days and we are extremely grateful for their efficiency in dealing with this matter. We sincerely thank you."   The 51-year-old actor arrived in Rome with his son, Michael Gandolfini, a day before he died.   "Jim was happy, he was healthy, he was doing really fine," Kobold said. "He was on vacation with his son. He has an 8-month-old daughter. Everything was going great. I just spoke to him on Father's Day."   The same day Gandolfini died, he had visited the Vatican and dined with his son, the family said.   After he returned to his room, his son alerted hotel staff that he was not answering knocks on the bathroom door. 
The red fox slowly walked out of his den he lives in; his own house in the ground. His eyes bounced side to side as he made sure the coast was clear, then he ran down the path of autumn leaves. As he reached the end there was a an apple tree without leaves, but still one shiny red colored apple hung from a branch. He climbed up a nearby rock and took a running start towards the branch, jumping and barely grabbing on. He slowly crawled along the branch towards the shiny apple, and as he drew close, he reached out a paw towards the apple. He knocked the apple from the branch and it to the forest floor. The fox slipped and he fell off the branch, but landed safely in a pile of leaves near the apple. He picked up the apple in his mouth and quickly brought it back to his warm den. When he arrived back home, his two fox kits were waiting for him with hungry tummies. Spring, summer, autumn, or winter, it was always warm in the fox den.
Lucy was a young lady bug. She always felt different from the lady bugs because her colors were reversed! Instead of a red body and black spots she had a black body and red spots! As you can imagine this left Lucy feeling pretty lonely so she spent a lot of time flying around to all the different areas to find other ladybugs like her. She loved to feel the wind in her wings as she flew. She spent so much of her time flying around so she could fly longer and faster than another other lady bug. She also loved flying so much because it gave her a feeling of being free. One day when she was flying around she heard a loud scream for help! She went as fast as she could towards the screams for help. She saw another lady bug with a broken wing lying on the ground. She knew the lady bug as Jessie. "What happened?!" asked Lucy. "I crashed into the tree flying home yesterday and I've been lost ever since. I can't fly because my wing is broken. Do you know the way back home?" asked Jessie "Don't worry Jessie, I know this area like the back of my wing I'll lead you home!" Lucy said happily. "Thank you so much!" Jessie said happily. Lucy led Jessie straight home where he was given medicine to fix his broken wing. She was rewarded a medal and called a hero. As she enjoyed her medal she knew she didn't need to find for any more ladybugs that looked like her. She now knew that even with her different colors, she was still a lady bug like everyone else.
Charleston is the oldest and second-largest city in the U.S. state of South Carolina, the county seat of Charleston County, and the principal city in the Charleston–North Charleston–Summerville Metropolitan Statistical Area. The city lies just south of the geographical midpoint of South Carolina's coastline and is located on Charleston Harbor, an inlet of the Atlantic Ocean formed by the confluence of the Ashley and Cooper Rivers, or, as is locally expressed, "where the Cooper and Ashley Rivers come together to form the Atlantic Ocean."   Founded in 1670 as Charles Town in honor of King Charles II of England, Charleston adopted its present name in 1783. It moved to its present location on Oyster Point in 1680 from a location on the west bank of the Ashley River known as Albemarle Point. By 1690, Charles Town was the fifth-largest city in North America, and it remained among the 10 largest cities in the United States through the 1840 census. With a 2010 census population of 120,083 (and a 2014 estimate of 130,113), current trends put Charleston as the fastest-growing municipality in South Carolina. The population of the Charleston metropolitan area, comprising Berkeley, Charleston, and Dorchester Counties, was counted by the 2014 estimate at 727,689 – the third-largest in the state – and the 78th-largest metropolitan statistical area in the United States.
After two weeks, Ling Qinghao finally sent a message to his wife in their hometown in Anhui, and told her her he was safe. Ling, 44, was a Chinese construction worker who went to Libya. The recent problems in Libya have left the country in disorder. Several Chinese were injured last month. Ling was one of the thousands of Chinese evacuees from Libya. The evacuee's first stop was Greece. They are staying there in a five-star hotel that the Chinese government paid for. According to the Foreign Ministry, by March 2, China has evacuated a total of 35,860 Chinese from Libya. Among them, 20745 have already returned to China. To evacuate means to quickly move people away from a disaster or disorder. An evacuation tests how a nation would deal with an emergency . From getting flight tickets to dealing with customs services , many parts of the government and companies have to work together. To protect the safety of overseas Chinese, China took action quickly. Since February 24, the nation has sent out airplanes and ships to evacuate its people from Libya.They even sent a navy ship to help. This is the first time that China has sent the army in an evacuation. "We have done a great job in no more than 10 days. This shows China's ability to protect its people overseas in emergencies," Vice Foreign Minister Song Tao said.
As a high school athletics coach, I gave a speech about football to students and parents, aiming at getting new team members :I talked about how"everyone can benefit from football. This year, a worried-looking couple approached me. Their son, who had a sickly childhood, really wanted to play football. They'd tried to talk him out of it, but he had his heart set on joining the team.   When they told me his name , my heart sank. Michael was short and thin. He was a lonely kid and the constant target of other kids' jokes. I knew Michael would never make it. But so close to my "football is for everyone" speech, I told them we could give it a try.   On the opening day of practice, Michael was the first player on the field. We started a one-mile jog around the track. Repeatedly he fell, each time picking himself up. The same thing happened for weeks. But Michael put his whole heart into the training. Cradually, Michael gained strength both socially and physically. He began to laugh and most of the teammates became friendly. By the last week of practice Michael could run the mile without falling. He asked me to add a few more exercises he could work on his own. Soon , Michael ran the opening mile faster than anyone.   One day after practice, the team captain, Steve, came up to me. He was talented but lazy.He was popular with students even though he could be heartless. Steve pointed to the field where Michael was jogging all alone and asked me why he was still out there. I told Steve to ask him. The next night, I was surprised to see Steve exercising right next to Michael.   Finally our big game came-at first we were losing by twelve points. I could see that some kids had already lost heart. But Michael was playing as hard as he could , begging the team to keep trying. Finally we won the game by one point in the final ten seconds.   At our celebration dinner, we always gave a big award to the most productive player. Steve had scored the most points that season, and everyone cheered as he received his award. " There's someone who deserves it more than I do," Steve said, " Everything I accomplished, and everything the team accomplished this season, is thanks to one person-Michael. " The entire team cheered as Steve turned the prize over to the player who had inspired them all.
Before the 20th century, the term matter included ordinary matter composed of atoms and excluded other energy phenomena such as light or sound. This concept of matter may be generalized from atoms to include any objects having mass even when at rest, but this is ill-defined because an object's mass can arise from its (possibly massless) constituents' motion and interaction energies. Thus, matter does not have a universal definition, nor is it a fundamental concept in physics today. Matter is also used loosely as a general term for the substance that makes up all observable physical objects.   All the objects from everyday life that we can bump into, touch or squeeze are composed of atoms. This atomic matter is in turn made up of interacting subatomic particles—usually a nucleus of protons and neutrons, and a cloud of orbiting electrons. Typically, science considers these composite particles matter because they have both rest mass and volume. By contrast, massless particles, such as photons, are not considered matter, because they have neither rest mass nor volume. However, not all particles with rest mass have a classical volume, since fundamental particles such as quarks and leptons (sometimes equated with matter) are considered "point particles" with no effective size or volume. Nevertheless, quarks and leptons together make up "ordinary matter", and their interactions contribute to the effective volume of the composite particles that make up ordinary matter.
The Boston Red Sox are an American professional baseball team based in Boston, Massachusetts. The Red Sox compete in Major League Baseball (MLB) as a member club of the American League (AL) East division. The Red Sox have won eight World Series championships and have played in twelve. Founded in as one of the American League's eight charter franchises, the Red Sox' home ballpark has been Fenway Park since . The "Red Sox" name was chosen by the team owner, John I. Taylor, around , following the lead of previous teams that had been known as the "Boston Red Stockings", including the forerunner of the Atlanta Braves.   Boston was a dominant team in the new league, defeating the Pittsburgh Pirates in the first World Series in 1903 and winning four more championships by . However, they then went into one of the longest championship droughts in baseball history, dubbed the "Curse of the Bambino" after its alleged beginning with the Red Sox' sale of Babe Ruth to the rival New York Yankees two years after their world championship in 1918, an 86-year wait before the team's sixth World Championship in . The team's history during that period was punctuated with some of the most memorable moments in World Series history, including Enos Slaughter's "mad dash" in , the "Impossible Dream" of , Carlton Fisk's home run in , and Bill Buckner's error in . Following their victory in the 2013 World Series, they became the first team to win three World Series trophies in the 21st century, including championships in 2004 and . Red Sox history has also been marked by the team's intense rivalry with the Yankees, arguably the fiercest and most historic in North American professional sports.
Bob is a middle school student. He is 13years old. He lives in Shanghai with his parents and his twin brother, Jack. They are in the same( ) school, but in different classes. Bob is good at Maths, but not good at English. He thinks it's a little difficult for him. But he plans to spend more time on it. Every morning, Bob gets up early. He usually reads English for half an hour. And then he has breakfast with his family. He usually has two eggs and a glass of milk. After breakfast, he walks to school with his brother. It takes them about twenty minutes to get to school. They get to school at about 7:40. Bob begins his classes at 8:00. After four lessons in the morning, he has a hamburger, some fish and vegetables for lunch at school. Then he has three classes in the afternoon. His last class is over at 4:50p.m. After school, he usually plays football or basketball from 5:00 p. m. to 6:00 p.m. He says it is good for his health to play sports every day. He gets home at 6:20 p.m. He usually eats some rice and vegetables for dinner. Sometimes, he eats some noodles. After dinner, he does his homework from 7:30to 9:30. Then he listens to music or reads books for a while( ). He doesn't watch TV or play computer games on weekdays. He goes to bed at 10:30 p.m. His friends say his lifestyle is very healthy. Do you think so?
Robotics is an interdisciplinary branch of engineering and science that includes mechanical engineering, electrical engineering, computer science, and others. Robotics deals with the design, construction, operation, and use of robots, as well as computer systems for their control, sensory feedback, and information processing.   These technologies are used to develop machines that can substitute for humans. Robots can be used in any situation and for any purpose, but today many are used in dangerous environments (including bomb detection and de-activation), manufacturing processes, or where humans cannot survive. Robots can take on any form but some are made to resemble humans in appearance. This is said to help in the acceptance of a robot in certain replicative behaviors usually performed by people. Such robots attempt to replicate walking, lifting, speech, cognition, and basically anything a human can do. Many of today's robots are inspired by nature, contributing to the field of bio-inspired robotics.   The concept of creating machines that can operate autonomously dates back to classical times, but research into the functionality and potential uses of robots did not grow substantially until the 20th century. Throughout history, it has been frequently assumed that robots will one day be able to mimic human behavior and manage tasks in a human-like fashion. Today, robotics is a rapidly growing field, as technological advances continue; researching, designing, and building new robots serve various practical purposes, whether domestically, commercially, or militarily. Many robots are built to do jobs that are hazardous to people such as defusing bombs, finding survivors in unstable ruins, and exploring mines and shipwrecks. Robotics is also used in STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics) as a teaching aid.
Chennai (; formerly known as Madras or ) is the capital of the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. Located on the Coromandel Coast off the Bay of Bengal, it is one of the biggest cultural, economic and educational centres in South India. According to the 2011 Indian census, it is the fifth-largest city and fourth-most populous urban agglomeration in India. The city together with the adjoining regions constitute the Chennai Metropolitan Area, which is the 36th-largest urban area by population in the world. Chennai is among the most visited Indian cities by foreign tourists. It was ranked 43rd most visited city in the world for year 2015. The Quality of Living Survey rated Chennai as the safest city in India. Chennai attracts 45 percent of health tourists visiting India, and 30 to 40 percent of domestic health tourists. As such, it is termed "India's health capital". As a growing metropolitan city in a developing country, Chennai confronts substantial pollution and other logistical and socio-economic problems.   Chennai had the third-largest expatriate population in India at 35,000 in 2009, 82,790 in 2011 and estimated at over 100,000 by 2016. Tourism guide publisher Lonely Planet named Chennai as one of the top ten cities in the world to visit in 2015. Chennai is ranked as a beta-level city in the Global Cities Index and was ranked the best city in India by "India Today" in the 2014 annual Indian city survey. In 2015 Chennai was named the "hottest" city (worth visiting, and worth living in for long term) by the BBC, citing the mixture of both modern and traditional values. National Geographic ranked Chennai's food as second best in the world; it was the only Indian city to feature in the list. Chennai was also named the ninth-best cosmopolitan city in the world by Lonely Planet.
Mark was walking home from school one day when he noticed a boy ahead of him. He had tripped and dropped all of the books he was carrying, along with some clothes, a baseball bat and a glove. Mark knelt down and helped the boy pick up the things. Since they were going the same way, he offered to carry some things for the boy. As they walked, Mark discovered the boy's name was Bill. He loved video games, baseball and history, but he was having trouble with some of his subjects. They arrived at Bill's home first. Mark was invited in for a Coke and to watch some television. The afternoon passed pleasantly with some laughs and talk. Then Mark went home. They continued to see each other around school, had lunch together once or twice, then both graduated from junior school. Three days before graduation, Bill asked Mark if they could talk. Bill reminded Mark of the day years ago when they had first met. "Did you ever wonder why I was carrying so many things home that day?" asked Bill. "You see, I took away all my things from school. I had stored away some of my mother's sleeping pills . I was going home to kill myself. But after we spent some time talking and laughing, I realized that if I had died, I would have missed so many good time. So you see, Mark, when you picked up those books that day, you did a lot more. "
Dear Jenny, Gary is having a _ party after Month Exam! He invites all of us to come! Since it is a potluck party, I think I will bring some beef noodles. As I know, Lily will take care of the drinks and Gina will bring a big homemade chocolate cake. Can you ask your mom to buy us some KFC fried chicken? You know it is too far for all of us to ride a bike there, but your mom often drives there. We can pay the bill together. Just think about how surprised our classmates will feel when they see what we prepare! Isn't it great? The party will start at noon on March 25, so be sure to be at Gary's place around 11:30 to prepare for the party. By the way, don't forget to invite Amy, who is good at music. If you have any other questions, just call me or write me back. Take care! Leo
When Hugh Jackman first called his director for "The Wolverine," James Mangold told him that he had had an inspiration after reading the script. Mangold wanted to make the set-in-Japan film similar to "The Outlaw Josey Wales" by making the mutant a Josey Wales with healing powers. Jackman hadn't seen the classic Clint Eastwood film, so Mangold sent him a copy.   "I felt like tonally, it would give him a clue of what I was talking about," the director said.   The director started thinking about the deep affinity between gun-slinging Westerns and swordfighting samurai films. Mangold thought that drawing upon both of them would help "The Wolverine" stand apart from the rest of the X-Men series.   This installment takes place after "X-Men: The Last Stand," as Wolverine retreats from killing the love of his life, Jean Grey/Dark Phoenix, and heads to Japan. It is based on the comic by Chris Claremont and Frank Miller, and Mangold thought of it as Hugh Jackman in a Western in Japan, without the horse. To make sense of this movie mashup, the director tweeted images from the top ten inspirations for "The Wolverine," daring fans to identify them.   Astute fans of Mangold's body of work (which includes "Cop Land," "Walk the Line" and "3:10 to Yuma") might have spotted the 1959 Yasujiro Ozu film "Floating Weeds," since the director has cited it as one of the best films of all time as well as a major influence on his first film, "Heavy."   "Ozu is the most underappreciated Japanese director, in my mind," Mangold said. "For me, the whole trip that Logan takes south to the Nagasaki area, it's almost the reverse train trip that the older couple take in 'Tokyo Story.' " 
Once upon a time there were a zebra and a monkey in a zoo. The zebra and the monkey had many napkins. What did the zebra and the monkey do with all the napkins? They didn't know. They ate the napkins. The zebra felt good. The monkey got a stomach ache. Why did the monkey get a stomach ache? The napkins were make out of straw. Straw is good for zebras. Straw is not good for monkeys. The monkey did not like eating the napkins. The zoo worker came and gave the monkey a pill. The pill made the monkey feel better. Now the monkey does not eat napkins. The monkey eats bananas instead of napkins. Now the monkey is always happy and feels good. The zebra does not like to eat bananas. The zebra eats all the napkins and feels good. The zebra and the monkey are both very happy.
Christian Pastor Youcef Nadarkhani will be put to death for several charges of rape and extortion, charges that differ greatly from his original sentence of apostasy, Iran's semi-official Fars News agency reported Friday.   Gholomali Rezvani, the deputy governor of Gilan province, where Nadarkhani was tried and convicted, accused Western media of twisting the real story, referring to him as a "rapist." A previous report from the news agency claimed he had committed several violent crimes, including repeated rape and extortion.   "His crime is not, as some claim, converting others to Christianity," Rezvani told Fars. "He is guilty of security-related crimes."   In a translated Iranian Supreme Court brief from 2010, however, the charge of apostasy is the only charge leveled against Nadarkhani.   "Mr. Youcef Nadarkhani, son of Byrom, 32-years old, married, born in Rasht in the state of Gilan is convicted of turning his back on Islam, the greatest religion the prophesy of Mohammad at the age of 19," reads the brief.   The brief was obtained by CNN from the American Center for Law and Justice and was translated from its original Farsi by the Confederation of Iranian Students in Washington.   It goes on to say that during the court proceeding, Nadarkhani denied the prophecy of Mohammad and the authority of Islam.   "He (Nadarkhani) has stated that he is a Christian and no longer Muslim," states the brief. "During many sessions in court with the presence of his attorney and a judge, he has been sentenced to execution by hanging according to article 8 of Tahrir -- olvasileh." 
Be home by dinnertime, Eric's mother said as he left for school that morning. Eric was excited. Today was show and tell, and he planned to do his magic tricks for the whole class. Once he got to school, he couldn't wait until it was his turn. First up was Angie, who brought her pet lizard. It could change colors to match whatever it was sitting on. The second to be called was John, who showed the class a flower he had grown from seeds. Finally Eric's name was called. He went to the front of the class. "For my first trick" he said, "I'll pull a hamster out of a hat". He had borrowed his sister Candice's pet hamster in order to do his trick. He showed the class his that the hat was empty, then he reached inside, into the secret space where the hamster was hidden. The hamster was gone. He heard a scream. Two girls were standing on their chairs, and the hamster was crawling toward the back of the class. The teacher made him stay after school as punishment, but at least he made it home by dinnertime.
Vincent Van Gogh was an important painter of the 19thcentury. He was born in Holland, but he lived much of his life inprefix = st1 /France. He was a very emotional man, and there was much suffering in his life. His style of painting was very different from classical art. He painted pictures of sunny, hot regions ofFrance. He looked for interesting shapes and exciting colours. He liked to work freely and quickly.   There is a fast movement in many of his paintings. Sometimes the trees look like fire. The sun, the moon, and stars move rapidly in the sky. He also painted pictures of people.   Like his life, his art was always unusual and very emotional.   Paul Gauguin was another 19-century painter. He was French and a friend of Van Gogh. Before he became an artist, Gauguin had been a businessman for many years. He made a lot of money, and he likes to buy modern paintings.   At the age of 354, Gauguin decided to become a painter himself. Gauguin wanted to discover more important things about man. He went to a different part of Franceto live with the farmers. He painted pictures of French country people there. Two years later he went to live in a small place in the Pacific Ocean, thousands of miles fromFrance. He wanted to learn about the simple life there. His most famous and interesting paintings were painted at that time.
"This is the third time that you have been late , Julia . Why?"Mr. Malone stopped Julia as she walked by his desk. Julia explained , "I'm sorry . I was cleaning the tables in the science room . Someone spilled the chemical , so cleaning took me longer than usual . " Mr. Malone replied . "I've talked to you about your lateness . I am afraid you won't be able to go with us in the field trip .""But..." Julia cried . Mr. Malone stopped her . "Unless your parent comes in to discuss this with headmaster and me , you won't be attending . " After dinner , Julia found the courage to talk to her dad . She told about the messy science tables and how her science teacher would deduct points from their daily grades if they did not clean up . Her friends' next class was on the opposite side of the building . Since her class was nearby , Julia volunteered to help clean up so that her friends would not be late . Then she explained how this would prevent her from attending the school trip . Her dad watched her for several seconds . Finally , he simply said , "I'll be there right after school ." The next day after school , Julia walked to the office . Her father and Mr. Malone were already there . Mrs. Thompson , the headmaster , spoke , "Julia , why were you cleaning the science tables alone ?" Julia answered slowly ,"I guess no one wants to clean up , and I don't want my friends to get into trouble . ""But you got yourself in trouble . "Mrs. Thompson said . Julia nodded . Julia's dad continued , "You're still responsible for breaking the rules ; even if it was for a good reason . Do you have any ideas for a punishment ? " Julia shook her head hopelessly . "Normally , your lateness would prevent you from attending some school activities . However , I have considered the reason and will allow you to go on the trip . "Mrs. Thompson said . Julia jumped out of her seat , repeating , "Thank you , thank you , thank you ! ""Don't be too excited . You'll have a one-day detention for each lateness . "Mrs. Thompson warned , "I hope you won't be late again . " "No , madam , I won't ." Julia replied , smiling from ear to ear .
San Marino, officially the Republic of San Marino (), also known as the Most Serene Republic of San Marino (), is an enclaved microstate surrounded by Italy, situated on the Italian Peninsula on the northeastern side of the Apennine Mountains. Its size is just over , with a population of 33,562. Its capital is the City of San Marino and its largest city is Serravalle. San Marino has the smallest population of all the members of the Council of Europe.   The country takes its name from Marinus, a stonemason originating from the Roman colony on the island of Rab, in modern-day Croatia. In 257 CE Marinus participated in the reconstruction of Rimini's city walls after their destruction by Liburnian pirates. Marinus then went on to found an independent monastic community on Monte Titano in 301 CE; thus, San Marino lays claim to be the oldest extant sovereign state as well as the oldest constitutional republic.   San Marino is governed by the Constitution of San Marino ("Leges Statutae Republicae Sancti Marini"), a series of six books written in Latin in the late 16th century, that dictate the country’s political system, among other matters. The country is considered to have the earliest written governing documents, or constitution, still in effect.
Mary went to Canada on vacation. After a week, she came back to New York. She told lots of interesting things to her best friend, Jack. Jack was very interested in Canada and decided to have a visit there. The next summer vacation, Mary and Jack had a plan to go to Canada together. But her mother was badly ill so she went to the airport to see her friend off. When they got to the airport, Mary had to got to the washroom. When she came back, she couldn't find Jack because there were so many people at the airport. She looked for him everywhere, but it was hard to find Jack among the people. Suddenly Mary saw Jack and she felt very happy, so she shouted,"Hi, Jack. Here, here." At the same time, Jack waved his arms,"I'm here." In 3 minutes, so many policemen came to the front of Jack and caught him, "Please come with me to the police office." After the policemen found out the reason, they let them free. Why? Because the word "hijack" in the English has different meanings.
Some definitions of southern Europe, also known as Mediterranean Europe, include the countries of the Iberian peninsula (Spain and Portugal), the Italian peninsula, southern France and Greece. Other definitions sometimes include the Balkan countries of southeast Europe, which are geographically in the southern part of Europe, but which have different historical, political, economic, and cultural backgrounds.   Different methods can be used to define southern Europe, including its political, economic, and cultural attributes. Southern Europe can also be defined by its natural features — its geography, climate, and flora.   Southern Europe's most emblematic climate is that of the Mediterranean climate, which has become a typically known characteristic of the area. The Mediterranean climate covers much of Portugal, Spain, Southeast France, Italy, Croatia, Albania, Montenegro, Greece, the Western and Southern coastal regions of Turkey as well as the Mediterranean islands. Those areas of Mediterranean climate present similar vegetations and landscapes throughout, including dry hills, small plains, pine forests and olive trees.
A lock-unlock lever on the doomed Virgin Galactic SpaceShipTwo was moved earlier than it should have been, the National Transportation Safety Board said Sunday night.   But the agency's acting chairman stressed it was unclear whether pilot error, mechanical problems or a host of other possibilities caused the spacecraft to disintegrate in the air.   "We are still a long way from finding a cause. We are months and months away," NTSB Acting Chairman Christopher Hart said.   And despite a debris field spanning 5 miles, investigators have found almost all the parts of the spacecraft needed for the investigation, Hart said.   The accident killed co-pilot Michael Tyner Alsbury, 39. A memorial fund has been set up for him.   Co-pilot alert and talking   The surviving co-pilot is "alert" and speaking, the company that partnered with Virgin on the test flight program said Sunday.   "Peter Siebold, the director of flight operations at Scaled Composites, was piloting SpaceShipTwo. He is alert and talking with his family and doctors," the company said in a statement.   "We remain focused on supporting the families of the two pilots and all of our employees, as well as the agencies investigating the accident."   NTSB investigators have yet to interview Siebold.   "We have not because doctors did not recommend we do an interview at this stage," Hart said.   Inflight breakup?   SpaceShipTwo disintegrated Friday, just two minutes after the space plane separated from the jet-powered aircraft that carried it aloft.   At the time, it was about 45,000 feet above, and about 20 miles northeast, of Mojave, California. 
The mother of an 11-year-old boy who hanged himself after allegedly being bullied at a Georgia school says her daughter also has been a victim of taunting.   Masika Bermudez-Carrasquillo, who Friday asked the White House for help in a campaign to end school bullying, said her daughter, 12, was also recently harassed by a boy who kept referring to her dead brother.   The boy was disciplined but still taunted the girl before he was suspended and his mother withdrew him from a middle school, she said.   Since then, the boy's mom has failed to meet with her, Bermudez said. "I guess she doesn't care."   The mother, who wrote a letter to President Barack Obama about bullying, held a news conference Friday to ask for help.   Jaheem Herrera was found dead in his closet in April.   "Til this day, I live with that memory of seeing my son hanging in the closet; my daughters are so hurt too," Bermudez wrote in the letter.   Bermudez told CNN that Jaheem, a fifth-grader, had been complaining about bullying at Dunaire Elementary School in DeKalb County. Bermudez said that at the time, she did not know that the bullying had gotten so bad. Friday, she indicated Jaheem once passed out after boys put him in a sleeper hold at the school.   Administrators and others won't take responsibility for this and other incidents at the school, she said.   "I feel like I failed him," Bermudez said of Jaheem. "I can't get justice. A year has passed, and they keep denying it." 
It was a beautiful day. In the morning Tommy and I went to the park to play. We rode our bikes around and went down to the lake. We swam around in the lake and splashed water on other kids. We got back on our bikes and rode back home. Mommy made lunch. It was yummy, peanut butter and jelly sandwiches and milk. Then it was time for our nap. We woke up and watched some TV. Mommy gave us some money for candy later. Tommy and I went back to the park to play. Tommy and I played with a baseball with some other kids. Then we played with the football. We went to the store across the street. We bought some candy with the money Mommy gave us. We went back to the park and watched the other kids play as we ate our candy. It was hot, so we went swimming again. It was fun! We like swimming so we go swimming almost every day. We swam all afternoon until Mommy came down to the park at told us to come home. Mommy was very upset because we were gone so long. Mommy was worried that something might have happened to us. Mommy was not paying attention to her kids and what they were doing for hours. Tommy and I told Mommy she needs to pay more attention to us. Mommy started crying, then Tommy and I started crying. Mommy said from now on, I must pay more attention to you two. Daddy came home from work and playing softball for his company team. Daddy wanted to know what was going on. Daddy saw that we were all crying. Daddy started to cry too. We all said that we would pay more attention to each other. We all said that we would do more things together like going to the park. We all said we would eat together more often.
Cardiff is the capital and largest city in Wales and the eleventh-largest city in the United Kingdom. The city is the country's chief commercial centre, the base for most national cultural and sporting institutions, the Welsh national media, and the seat of the National Assembly for Wales. The unitary authority area's mid-2011 population was estimated to be 346,100, while the population of the Larger Urban Zone was estimated at 861,400 in 2009. The Cardiff metropolitan area makes up over a third of the total population of Wales, with a mid-2011 population estimate of about 1,100,000 people. Cardiff is a significant tourist centre and the most popular visitor destination in Wales with 18.3 million visitors in 2010. In 2011, Cardiff was ranked sixth in the world in National Geographic's alternative tourist destinations.   The city of Cardiff is the county town of the historic county of Glamorgan (and later South Glamorgan). Cardiff is part of the Eurocities network of the largest European cities. The Cardiff Urban Area covers a slightly larger area outside the county boundary, and includes the towns of Dinas Powys and Penarth. A small town until the early 19th century, its prominence as a major port for the transport of coal following the arrival of industry in the region contributed to its rise as a major city.
Two prominent newspapers this week used their editorial pages to call for mercy for intelligence leaker Edward Snowden, with one arguing "he deserves better than a life of permanent exile, fear and flight."   The New York Times and The Guardian make the case for some sort of plea deal or clemency that would allow Snowden to return to the United States from Russia, where he was granted asylum.   Mercy or dropped charges have occurred in past cases of other high-profile whistle-blowers, such as Daniel Ellsberg, the military analyst behind the leak of the Pentagon Papers. But in recent years, the United States has aggressively pursued those who leak government secrets.   Here's a look at how the cases of five prominent leakers -- including Snowden -- have played out:   Daniel Ellsberg   Ellsberg was the military analyst who leaked the 7,000-page Pentagon Papers in 1971.   The top-secret documents revealed that senior U.S. leaders, including three Presidents, knew the Vietnam War was an unwinnable, tragic quagmire. Further, they showed the government had lied to Congress and the public about the progress of the war.   Ellsberg surrendered to authorities and was charged as a spy.   During his trial, the court learned that President Richard Nixon's administration had embarked on a campaign to discredit Ellsberg, illegally wiretapping him and breaking into his psychiatrist's office. All charges against him were dropped. Since then, he has lived a relatively quiet life as a respected author and lecturer.   Chelsea Manning   U.S. Army Pvt. Chelsea Manning, who formerly went by the name Bradley, was convicted of stealing and disseminating 750,000 pages of classified documents and videos to WikiLeaks, the online anti-secrecy group. 
On North Halsted Street, between Buckingham and Roscoe in Chicago, a monument stands with a plaque in honor of a brilliant thinker who is as responsible for the way we live our lives today as any person who has ever lived.   His name is Alan Turing, a Brit, and among his many credits and accolades, many historians refer to him as "the father of computer science." When Time magazine listed him among its 100 most influential people of the 20th century, it said "that everyone who taps at a keyboard, opening a spreadsheet or a word-processing program, is working on an incarnation of a Turing machine."   A pretty high honor to say the least. And yet in 1952, while filing a robbery report with the police, Turing -- the man whose algorithms cracked the Enigma code used by the Nazis in World War II -- found himself arrested at his home in England.   His crime? Being gay.   Turing was convicted of "gross indecency," a felony in Britain at that time. He was forced to choose between prison and being injected with female hormones, a form of chemical castration.   He reluctantly chose the latter. Despite his accomplishments, he lost his job. And in June 1954, he lost his will to live. He was 41.   If the Western world is somewhat haunted by what Steve Jobs might have accomplished had cancer not taken him from us, we should be downright tormented by what we lost from the senseless excommunication of his predecessor. 
Buck did not read the newspapers,or he would have known that trouble was coming,not only for himself,but for every big dog,strong of muscle and with long,warm hair in California.Men had found gold in the Yukon,and these men wanted big,strong dogs to work in the cold and snow of the north.   Buck lived at a big house in the sunkissed Santa Clara valley.Judge Miller's place,it was called.There were large gardens and fields of fruit trees around the house,and a river nearby.In a big place like this,of course,there were many dogs.There were house dogs and farm dogs,but they were not important.Over this great land Buck ruled.Here he was born and here he had lived the four years of his life.He was not so large--he weighed only one hundred and forty pounds.But he had saved himself by not becoming a mere housedog.Hunting and outdoor delights had kept down the fat and hardened his muscles.He went swimming with Judge Miller's sons,and walking with his daughters.He carried the grandchildren on his back,and he sat at Judge Miller's feet in front of the warm library fire in winter.During the four years,he had a fine pride in himself which came of good living and universal respect.He was king of Judge Miller's place.   But this was 1897,and Buck did not know that men and dogs were hurrying to northwest Canada to look for gold.And he did not know that Manuel,one of the gardener's helpers,was in bad need of money for his hobby of gambling and for his large family.One day,the Judge was at a meeting and the boys were busy organizing an athletic club.No one saw Manuel and Buck go off on what Buck imagined was merely an evening walk.Only one man saw them arrive at the railway station.This man talked to Manuel,and gave him some money.Then Manuel tied a piece of rope around Buck's neck.   Buck had accepted the rope with quiet dignity .He had learned to trust in men he knew and to give them credit.But when the ends of the rope were placed in the stranger's hands,Buck roared,and was surprised when the rope tightened around his neck,shutting off his breath.In extreme anger,he jumped at the man.The man caught him and suddenly Buck was thrown over on his back.Then the rope tightened cruelly while Buck struggled,his tongue out of his mouth.Never in all his life had he been so badly treated.Never in all his life had he been so angry.For a few moments he was unable to move,and it was easy for the two men to put him into the train.   When Buck woke up,the train was still moving.The man was sitting and watching him,but Buck was too quick for him and he bit the man's hand hard.Then the rope was pulled again and Buck had to let go.   That evening,the man took Buck to the back room of a bar in San Francisco.The barman looked at the man's hand and trousers covered in blood.   "How much are they paying you for this?"he asked.   "Only get fifty dollars."   "And the man who stole him--how much did he get?"asked the barman.   "A hundred.He wouldn't take less."   "That makes a hundred and fifty.It's a good price for a dog like him."   Buck spent that night in a cagelike box.He could not understand what it all meant.What did they want with him,these strange men?And where were Judge Miller and the boys?   The next day Buck was carried in the box to the railway station and put on a train to the north.
African football champions TP Mazembe have been thrown out of the continent's Champions League competition after fielding an ineligible player.   Tanzanian team Simba complained after the Congolese side included defender Janvier Bokungu in a second-round tie, which Mazembe won after triumphing in both legs.   Mazembe then beat Morocco's Widad de Casablanca in the third round to reach the group stages of the tournament, which the club also won in 2009.   The Confederation of African Football said in a statement on Saturday that Simba and Widad would play off at a neutral venue next week, with the winning team to take Mazembe's place in the eight-club group phase starting in July.   War, diamonds and football: The amazing story of Congo's TP Mazembe   "Following a complaint filed by Simba Sports of Tanzania following match 68 of the Orange Champions League, the Confederation of African Football launched an investigation on the eligibility of TP Mazembe's player named Janvier Besala Bokungu," it said on its website.   "The findings of the investigation were submitted to the Organizing Committee for CAF Interclubs Competitions. Based on those findings, the committee decided to disqualify TP Mazembe on the basis of Chapter VIII (Fraud), article 24, article 26 (Qualification of players) and article 29 of Orange CAF Champions League regulations."   Simba had complained that the 22-year-old Bokungu was still contracted to Tunisian team Esperance, where he moved from Mazembe in 2007.   He has played at international level for the Democratic Republic of Congo.   Football team owner determined to rebuild Congo 
São Tomé and Príncipe, officially the Democratic Republic of São Tomé and Príncipe, is a Portuguese-speaking island nation in the Gulf of Guinea, off the western equatorial coast of Central Africa. It consists of two archipelagos around the two main islands: São Tomé and Príncipe, located about apart and about , respectively, off the northwestern coast of Gabon.   The islands were uninhabited until their discovery by Portuguese explorers in the 15th century. Gradually colonized and settled by the Portuguese throughout the 16th century, they collectively served as a vital commercial and trade center for the Atlantic slave trade. The rich volcanic soil and close proximity to the equator made São Tomé and Príncipe ideal for sugar cultivation, followed later by cash crops such as coffee and cocoa; the lucrative plantation economy was heavily dependent upon imported African slaves. Cycles of social unrest and economic instability throughout the 19th and 20th centuries culminated in peaceful independence in 1975. São Tomé and Príncipe has since remained one of Africa's most stable and democratic countries.   With a population of 192,993 (2013 Census), São Tomé and Príncipe is the second-smallest African country after Seychelles, as well as the smallest Portuguese-speaking country. Its people are predominantly of African and "mestiço" descent, with most practising Roman Catholicism. The legacy of Portuguese rule is also visible in the country's culture, customs, and music, which fuse European and African influences.
In the middle of the first term of school, the entire seventh grade was tested for basic skills. Steve hurried through his tests, and continued to dream of other things. His heart was not in school, but in the woods. One day, Miss White's impatient voice broke into his daydreams. "Steve! Pay attention!" Steve turned to look at her, fixing his eyes on Miss White, as she began to go over the test results for the seventh grade. "You all did pretty well," she told the class, "except for one boy, and it breaks my heart to tell you this, but..." She hesitated, her eyes searching his face. "...The smartest boy in the seventh grade is failing my class!" She just stared at Steve. Steve dropped his eyes. After that, it was war! Steve still wouldn't do his homework. Even as the punishments became more severe, he remained _ "Just try it! ONE WEEK!" He was unmoved. "You're smart enough! You'll see a change!" Nothing touched him. "Give yourself a chance! Don't give up on your life!" Nothing. "Steve! Please! I care about you!" Wow! Suddenly, Steve got it! Someone cared about him? Steve went home from school, thoughtful, that afternoon. Walking into the house, both parents were out. He, quickly, gathered up a jar of peanut butter, a loaf of bread, a bottle of water, and this time...his schoolbooks. The following Monday he arrived at school on time, and he waited for Miss White to enter the classroom. She walked in, all smiles! God, she was beautiful! Miss White, immediately, gave a quiz on the weekend homework. Steve hurried through the test and was the first to hand in his paper. With a look of surprise, Miss White took his paper. Obviously puzzled, she began to look it over. Miss White's face was in total shock! The smartest boy in the seventh grade had just passed his first test! From that moment nothing was the same for Steve. Life at home remained the same, but life still changed. He discovered that not only could he learn, but he was good at it! He discovered that he could understand knowledge and translate the things he learned into his own life. Steve began to go ahead!
16:9 (1.7:1) (16:9 = 4:3) is an aspect ratio with a width of 16 units and height of 9. Since 2010 it has become the most common aspect ratio for televisions and computer monitors, and is also the international standard format of HDTV, Full HD, non-HD digital television and analog widescreen television. This has replaced the old .   Dr. Kerns H. Powers, a member of the SMPTE Working Group on High-Definition Electronic Production, first proposed the 16:9 (1.7:1) aspect ratio at a time when nobody was creating 16:9 videos. The popular choices in 1980 were: 1.3:1 (based on television standard's ratio at the time), 1.6:1 (the European "flat" ratio), 1.85:1 (the American "flat" ratio), 2.20:1 (the ratio of 70 mm films and Panavision) and 2.39:1 (the CinemaScope ratio for anamorphic widescreen films).   Powers cut out rectangles with equal areas, shaped to match each of the popular aspect ratios. When overlapped with their center points aligned, he found that all of those aspect ratio rectangles fit within an outer rectangle with an aspect ratio of 1.7:1 and all of them also covered a smaller common inner rectangle with the same aspect ratio 1.7:1. The value found by Powers is exactly the geometric mean of the extreme aspect ratios, 4:3 (1.3:1) and 2.35:1 (or 64:27, see also for more information), √ ≈ 1.770 which is coincidentally close to 16:9 (1.7:1). Applying the same geometric mean technique to 16:9 and 4:3 yields the aspect ratio, which is likewise used as a compromise between these ratios.
(PEOPLE.com) -- For nearly three years, the hit TLC show "Toddlers & Tiaras" has captured the drama behind the scenes in the world of child beauty pageants.   The tantrums were extreme, and the pre-show prep of spray tanning and eyebrow waxing seemed perhaps premature for little kids.   But in the last few weeks, as footage of 3- and 4-year-olds dressed in overly adult costumes (like Dolly Parton, complete with padded breasts, or Julia Roberts's streetwalker from "Pretty Woman") hit the airwaves, viewers and pageant skeptics have been expressing horror at an industry that is now accused of "sexualizing" young girls.   "Little girls are supposed to play with dolls, not be dolls," New York-based licensed clinical social worker Mark Sichel tells PEOPLE in its new issue.   He adds that the extremes parents go to in order to prepare their children for competition -- using padding, fake hair, flippers (faux teeth) and spray tans -- "causes the children tremendous confusion, wondering why they are not okay without those things."   Now devoted pageant moms are speaking out in their own defense. Wendy Dickey, who dressed her daughter Paisley, 3, as Julia Roberts, tells PEOPLE the look was "tasteful and funny." Still, "If I knew there would be a reaction like this, I never would have used it," Dickey says. "Next time, she'll be dressed as an angel."   And Juana Myers, whose daughter MaKenzie has been featured on Tiaras, says unfair scrutiny has been placed on the pageant industry. "If this were a sport, no one would question it," she says. "This is her sport." 
The British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC) is a British public service broadcaster with its headquarters at Broadcasting House in London. The BBC is the world's oldest national broadcasting organisation and the largest broadcaster in the world by number of employees. It employs over 20,950 staff in total, 16,672 of whom are in public sector broadcasting. The total number of staff is 35,402 when part-time, flexible, and fixed contract staff are included.   The BBC is established under a Royal Charter and operates under its Agreement with the Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport. Its work is funded principally by an annual television licence fee which is charged to all British households, companies, and organisations using any type of equipment to receive or record live television broadcasts and iPlayer catch-up. The fee is set by the British Government, agreed by Parliament, and used to fund the BBC's radio, TV, and online services covering the nations and regions of the UK. Since 1 April 2014, it has also funded the BBC World Service (launched in 1932 as the BBC Empire Service), which broadcasts in 28 languages and provides comprehensive TV, radio, and online services in Arabic and Persian.   Around a quarter of BBC revenues come from its commercial arm BBC Worldwide Ltd, which sells BBC programmes and services internationally and also distributes the BBC's international 24-hour English-language news services BBC World News, and from BBC.com, provided by BBC Global News Ltd.
David Beckham had a dream: to be the first English player to appear in four World Cups.But now it appears that dream is over after a serious injury to his Achilles tendon which means he could be out of action for around six months.With this year's World Cup in South Africa only three months away, sadly Beckham looks set to miss out.The injury happened while Beckham was playing for AC Milan against AC Chievo in the Italian league.After attempting to kick the ball he fell to the ground and hobbled off the pitch before being stretchered away.   It is not yet known whether he has completely severed his Achilles tendon or only torn it.The player has now flown to Finland for assessment and treatment by a knee specialist.   England manager Fabio Capello fears the worst for Beckham's World Cup chances.   "We have to wait for the results of the scan but it looks like he is out of the World Cup," he said in a statement."I spoke with him after the game on Sunday night to offer my support.   "David is a great professional and has worked very hard to be ready for the World Cup, so missing it will be a big blow."   Beckham's former manager at American club LA Galaxy, Alexei Lalas, echoed Capello's words of support:   "It is a horrible situation for Beckham.I know how much it meant to him to be in the World Cup and how important he was to the England team.   David Beckham is now 34 and some are asking whether this serious injury could mean his whole career is over.   Whatever happens, as one of football's best-known and popular players, Beckham will have no shortage of encouragement from fans around the world.   Some will remember Beckham's miraculous recovery from an Achilles injury in 2006, when he was back on the pitch after only eight weeks.   If he could repeat the same feat in time for the World Cup it really would be the stuff of fairytales.   So, perhaps all is not lost.Optimists will _ from Alexei Lalas' words:   "You never want to write off David Beckham as he has shown us his ability to bounce back ."
Emily and her brother Matthew went outside to play. They brought their dog Bo with them, too. Bo was holding a bone in her mouth. Matthew threw a ball and Bo chased after it. Emily laughed as Bo ran away. Bo brought the ball back to Matthew. Then Bo barked. This time Emily threw the ball. She was younger than Matthew, so the ball did not go as far. Bo chased after the ball anyway, and Emily laughed again. Matthew smiled at his little sister. Bo ran back to Emily and dropped the ball at her feet. Then Bo wagged her tail and licked Emily's face. Emily giggled and scratched Bo's ears. Then Matthew and Emily's mother came outside holding a bar of soap. She told them that it was time for dinner and they had to come inside and wash their hands. Just then, Matthew and Emily's dad came home from work. Matthew and Emily ran to their dad. They all walked inside together and Bo followed them in. They would have to play ball tomorrow.
Another musical titan whose soaring voice ruled the charts for decades has fallen.   Whitney Houston joins an august list of the departed since Michael Jackson's death nearly three years ago.   "First there was MJ, then there was Heavy D and now Whitney," said Shaun Jones, 47, of Titusville, Florida, adding that he jumped out of bed in disbelief when he heard news of Houston's death.   Rapper Heavy D died last year, as did Nick Ashford, who was one half of the Motown duo Ashford and Simpson.   And in late 2010, singer Mary Christine Brockert, better known by her stage name Teena Marie, died in her sleep.   "It's shocking ... all these people are legends. A lot of them are dying too young. It's crazy."   Pop icons such as Houston enjoyed staggering success through the 1980s and into the 1990s, and served as role models to a generation of singers today.   Announcements about their deaths are always almost followed by tributes from younger pop stars acknowledging how much influence they've had on their careers.   "Icons from that era stood out," Jones said. "They had distinct voices -- I can always tell when a song is by Whitney -- they made music back then."   Houston was a "hero for Gen X black girls," said CNN iReporter Tessa Jackson of New Orleans. She said when she was "a black teenager going to a predominantly white high school in California, Whitney was my style icon and hero ... She made me and other girls like me feel like we didn't have to be blonde and blue-eyed to be beautiful and admired. I wish she knew how much she did for my and my friends' self-esteem." 
Sun Microsystems, Inc. was an American company that sold computers, computer components, software, and information technology services, and that created the Java programming language, the Solaris operating system, ZFS, the Network File System (NFS) and SPARC. Sun contributed significantly to the evolution of several key computing technologies, among them Unix, RISC processors, thin client computing, and virtualized computing. Sun was founded on February 24, 1982. At its height, the Sun headquarters were in Santa Clara, California (part of Silicon Valley), on the former west campus of the Agnews Developmental Center.   On April 20, 2009 it was announced that Oracle Corporation would acquire Sun for 7.4 billion. The deal was completed on January 27, 2010.   Sun products included computer servers and workstations built on its own RISC-based SPARC processor architecture as well as on x86-based AMD's Opteron and Intel's Xeon processors; storage systems; and a suite of software products including the Solaris operating system, developer tools, Web infrastructure software, and identity management applications. Other technologies include the Java platform, MySQL, and NFS. Sun was a proponent of open systems in general and Unix in particular, and a major contributor to open-source software. At various times, Sun had manufacturing facilities in several locations worldwide, including Hillsboro, Oregon, Linlithgow, Scotland, and Newark, California; however, by the time the company was acquired, it had outsourced most manufacturing.
Palermo (Italian: [paˈlɛrmo] ( listen), Sicilian: Palermu, Latin: Panormus, from Greek: Πάνορμος, Panormos, Arabic: بَلَرْم‎, Balarm; Phoenician: זִיז, Ziz) is a city in Insular Italy, the capital of both the autonomous region of Sicily and the Province of Palermo. The city is noted for its history, culture, architecture and gastronomy, playing an important role throughout much of its existence; it is over 2,700 years old. Palermo is located in the northwest of the island of Sicily, right by the Gulf of Palermo in the Tyrrhenian Sea.   The city was founded in 734 BC by the Phoenicians as Ziz ('flower'). Palermo then became a possession of Carthage, before becoming part of the Roman Republic, the Roman Empire and eventually part of the Byzantine Empire, for over a thousand years. The Greeks named the city Panormus meaning 'complete port'. From 831 to 1072 the city was under Arab rule during the Emirate of Sicily when the city first became a capital. The Arabs shifted the Greek name into Balarm, the root for Palermo's present-day name. Following the Norman reconquest, Palermo became the capital of a new kingdom (from 1130 to 1816), the Kingdom of Sicily and the capital of the Holy Roman Empire under Frederick II Holy Roman Emperor and Conrad IV of Germany, King of the Romans. Eventually Sicily would be united with the Kingdom of Naples to form the Kingdom of the Two Sicilies until the Italian unification of 1860.
When Elizabeth Joice found out that she was pregnant, she and her husband, Max, were ecstatic.   A fertility specialist had told her that this would never happen, Max says, because of the chemotherapy Elizabeth underwent to beat sarcoma in 2010.   "It very much felt like a miracle," he says. "Bringing a child into this world -- I mean, it wasn't just important for me; it was one of the most important things for Liz."   Then, one month into her pregnancy, Elizabeth's cancer returned, he says.   Surgeons removed the tumors in her back, but she needed a full-body MRI scan to know whether the cancer had spread. Because an MRI's contrast dyes may damage a developing fetus, she faced a difficult decision. She could either terminate her pregnancy to undergo the scan or continue with the pregnancy without knowing her true cancer status.   "We felt that if we terminated this pregnancy and did these scans, if it turned out that there was no evidence of this disease after the scans, then we would have possibly given up our only chance at having a child naturally and would have done it for nothing," Max said.   "It was a calculated risk. We knew there was a possibility of a worst-case scenario, but we also thought there was a good chance that we could have the baby."   Shortly after becoming pregnant, Elizabeth was introduced to filmmaker Christopher Henze. His upcoming documentary on pregnancy and motherhood will include the Joices' story.   "It took about three minutes to realize that Liz was a stellar human being, and I wanted her for my movie," Henze said. "I was impressed by the way she looked at cancer as another problem to be solved." 
The Northern Territory (abbreviated as NT) is a federal Australian territory in the central and central northern regions of Australia. It shares borders with Western Australia to the west (129th meridian east), South Australia to the south (26th parallel south), and Queensland to the east (138th meridian east). To the north, the territory is bordered by the Timor Sea, the Arafura Sea and the Gulf of Carpentaria. Despite its large area—over , making it the third largest Australian federal division—it is sparsely populated. The Northern Territory's population of 244,000 (2016) makes it the least populous of Australia's eight major states and territories, having fewer than half as many people as Tasmania.   The archaeological history of the Northern Territory begins over 40,000 years ago when Indigenous Australians settled the region. Makassan traders began trading with the indigenous people of the Northern Territory for trepang from at least the 18th century onwards. The coast of the territory was first seen by Europeans in the 17th century. The British were the first Europeans to attempt to settle the coastal regions. After three failed attempts to establish a settlement (1824–1828, 1838–1849, and 1864–66), success was achieved in 1869 with the establishment of a settlement at Port Darwin. Today the economy is based on tourism, especially Kakadu National Park in the Top End and the Uluru-Kata Tjuta National Park (Ayers Rock) in central Australia, and mining.
Dr.Michael Prager, a leading Botox expert, said that a growing number of women are developing something called "computer face".He also mentioned that professionals who worked long hours in front of a screen were ending up with saggy jowls , "turkey neck" and deep-set wrinkles on their forehead and around their eyes.   The Botox expert said that, of all his clients, office workers were most likely to show premature signs of ageing."If you are one of the unfortunate people who frown while you are concentrating on the screen then, over time, you will inevitably end up with frown lines," Dr.Prager said."What is perhaps more surprising is the number of women with saggy jowls because they are sitting in one position for so long.If you spend most of the time looking down then the neck muscles shorten and go saggy, eventually giving you a second neck."   Dr.Prager, who has a practice near Harley Street in London, said he encourages his clients to put a mirror next to their computer so they can see if they are frowning at the screen."When people are stressed or thinking hard about something, then they will often put on a 'grumpy face' without even knowing what they are doing.When my clients put a mirror next to their desk, they are often shocked by the angry, frowning face which stares back at them."   He said, "The women I am seeing at the moment have only been using computers at work for the last decade or so.But women in their 20s have grown up with them and use them for every single task.I think the problem is going to become much, much worse.In another ten years, they could be looking quite awful."   Dr.Prager said there were several simple steps which could avoid "computer face" such as regular screen breaks and stretching the neck muscles.And, of course, there was always Botox.He said that, after a couple of sessions of Botox, the habit of "grumpy face" could be broken.
1. The family planning policy ("") was introduced in 1979 to solve the population problems. Most couples could have only one child except some special families and those in some special areas. 2. Usually, all around good student, which was called "thricegood", was given to the students who were virtuous , talented and good at PE. It was firstly used in to 1950s by Mao to encourage young people to keep fit, study well and work hard. 3. During the early 1990s, state owned company reforms were getting tough. The workers were more than the jobs in most of the cities. Many workers were losing their jobs. "Jobless" was a hot topic at that time, so the leaders hoped the laid off workers could find new jobs or start up their own business. 4. One of Deng's clever ideas, "one country, two systems", was first performed in 1997. It described Hong Kong and Macao's situation after they returned to China. This policy would also be suitable for Taiwan. There would be one China, but Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan could have their own economies and political systems. 5. Lei Feng was a soldier who was happy to help others. He died in an accident in 1962. On March 5th,1963, Mao wrote a piece, "Learn from comrade Lei Feng", to say the Chinese should help others when necessary. After that, March 5th became a Volunteer Day. 6. The phrase "harmonious society" appeared in 2004, referring to a peaceful society where all people would work together to make the life better. This idea has become the main goal of the Chinese Communist Party now.
The man closest to Tiger Woods when he plays golf says he had no idea about the extramarital affairs that have sidelined Woods from the game.   Steve Williams, Woods' caddy and confidant for nearly a decade, talked to New Zealand's TV3 about the scandal.   "I knew nothing," Williams said in an interview posted on the station's Web site Thursday. "I don't need to clarify it, extend that answer. I knew nothing."   Williams said he's heard the calls from some that he should be fired for not preventing Woods' downfall. "In some people's perception, I'm involved with it, and I've committed a crime or done wrong," he said.   "If the shoe was on somebody else, I would say the same thing, it would be very difficult for the caddy not to know," he said. "But I'm 100 percent telling you, I knew nothing, and that's that."   Williams' wife, Kirsty, defended her husband, insisting he would not have been able to keep the secret from her or Woods' wife, Elin Nordegren.   "The four of us are so close," she told TV3. "Being so close, he couldn't know and not say something to Elin or myself. You know, it's just, that's the way it is."   Woods, 34, apologized last month in a tightly controlled televised statement for his "irresponsible and selfish" behavior, which he said included infidelity.   The February 19 statement was his first public appearance since he crashed his black Cadillac Escalade into a fire hydrant and a tree near his home in November. The crash and reports about why it happened sparked a barrage of infidelity allegations against the golfer, who has two children with his wife. 
After a difficult past year, Rafael Nadal is back where he feels most comfortable -- but his rivals are battling to find form ahead of the French Open.   While the Spaniard cruised into the quarterfinals of the Monte Carlo tournament he has won for the past eight seasons, world No. 1 Novak Djokovic again had to come from behind to earn his place while Andy Murray suffered a crushing defeat that will demote him to third in the rankings.   Fourth seed Tomas Berdych and No. 5 Juan Martin del Potro also crashed out Thursday to thin out the competition for Nadal as he continues his winning return to the ATP Tour following longterm knee problems.   His 6-2 6-4 rout of German 16th seed Philipp Kohlschreiber was his 16th successive victory this year following a defeat in the final of his comeback event in Chile in February.   "I feel more relaxed, yes. I had some uneasy moments during the past year," Nadal said after his 44th consecutive win at the clay-court event, which set up a clash with 21-year-old Bulgarian Gregor Dimitrov.   "Now I'm back on the tour. Just being here is good news. And winning matches -- I say it every day, but winning every match is very important to me today. Every time I have the chance to go on court and play well, feel competitive, is a really good feeling."   Dimitrov is also on a roll, having followed up his opening victory over world No. 10 Janko Tipsarevic by beating Germany's Florian Mayer 6-2 6-4. 
Chelsea continued to set the pace in the English Premier League with a comfortable 4-1 win over Norwich City at Stamford Bridge Saturday.   Norwich took an unlikely 11th minute lead through their star striker Grant Holt, but it was to prove short lived once the west London side got into their stride.   Goals from Fernando Torres, his 99th in English football, Frank Lampard and Eden Hazard put them 3-1 ahead by half time.   Branislav Ivanovic rounded off the scoring with an emphatic fourth in the 78th minute.   Both John Terry and Ashley Cole played and were given a warm reception by the home crowd.   Cole was forced to apologize Friday for a controversial Twitter comment as he reacted to the findings of an FA commission into the racial slur case brought against Terry.   The commission found Terry's evidence at the hearing "improbable, implausible and contrived" as they gave the reasons for his four-match ban and large fine for remarks aimed at QPR defender Anton Ferdinand in an EPL game last season.   He has until October 18 to appeal the decision or accept a ban which would rule him out of crucial games.   Manager Roberto Di Matteo confirmed after the game that Cole was likely to face action from the club over his tweet.   "We've got a social media policy at the club and there's going to be a disciplinary process against the tweet and that's how I'll leave it," Di Matteo said.   Chelsea have opened up a four-point lead over defendiing champions Manchester City, while Norwich are winless in the league this season. 
Long long ago, there lived two girls named Emily and Tina. Both of them had long black hair and blue eyes. One day while they were playing in the back yard , Emily heard a tinkling sound. She jumped up. "Listen," she told her twin. They listened. The noise came again. This time Tina heard it. She sat up. "It came from over there," She whispered, looking at the zinnias far away. They came near to find it out. Then something flew out, making the same tinkling sound they had heard before. The children looked at one another. "Was it a bee?" asked Tina. "I don't think so," replied Emily. "Do bees make a sound like bells?" "Let's call it the Tinkle Bee anyway," said Tina. Emily nodded, listening with a little difficulty. What had made that noise? The next day, Emily and Tina brought their cookies outside. Tina took her plate by the zinnias. Suddenly she caught something. "Emily!" she called. "I've got the Tinkle Bee!" Emily rushed over. They sat down on the grass. Tina opened her hand very carefully. There was that sound! Something was shining in Tina's hand. They smiled. Then Emily cried, "It's a fairy !" Tina looked down at it in her hand. It looked like a girl. A _ girl with wings! Tina dropped it before she noticed that a wing was torn . The little fairy could not fly away so she took a piece of grass out of the ground and sat on it. Emily and Tina were surprised at what they saw. The fairy turned to Emily and said, "Hello, I am Marabella." Then she said again, "Marabella the Fairy." Emily smiled. "I'm Emily," she said. Tina said, "I'm Tina. Are you really a fairy?" "Oh, yes!" replied Marabella. "I've always been a fairy."
James Arruda Henry, a 98-year-old retired lobsterman, has written and published his first book, "In a Fisherman's Language", after learning to read at the incredible age of 91. Mr. Henry spent most of his life without even his closest family members knowing he was illiterate .Forced to quit school in the third grade to take some jobs, he kept the secret close to his chest - only telling to his late wife. A family problem in his 90s sparked his encourage to restart his education."He signed a document he could not read," Mr Henry's granddaughter said. And then, after hearing about George Dawson, a son of slaves who learned to read at the age of 98 and went on to write a book of his own, entitled "Life Is So Good" at the age of 101, Mr. Henry took up reading. "If he can do it.I'm going to try," Mr. Henry said.Starting with his name, he eventually moved on to ABC's and children's books. He put them down for four years after the tragic loss of his wife. But eventually he went back to reading and with the help of his tutor began to record his life. He wrote about his family's voyage from Portugal to the U.S. his many journeys at sea and how he was unable to save another fisherman who had fallen overboard. He became a carpenter and even a professional boxer - and eventually built his own home in Stonington Borough. His life stories have become so popular, in fact, nearly 800 copies were sold in the first two weeks of the book's release last month.One thousand more have since been printed as requests for the book flood in from as far as Germany.And now even Hollywood producers have approached Mr. Henry about optioning the rights to his life story for a big screen adaptation.
Tributes are flowing in for much-loved British actor and comedian Rik Mayall, who died in London Monday at age 56.   Mayall, one of the leading lights of Britain's alternative comedy scene in the 1980s, is best known for starring roles in hit TV series "Blackadder," "The Young Ones," "The New Statesman" and "Bottom."   His agent, Kate Benson, of Brunskill Management, told CNN Mayall died suddenly Monday; she did not know the cause of his death.   Mayall first found widespread fame in student sitcom "The Young Ones," which ran for two years on the BBC, and was later shown on MTV in the United States.   The series, which he co-wrote, focused on the lives of four roommates at "Scumbag College." Mayall played politics-obsessed poet Rick alongside his long-term comedy partner Ade Edmondson as violent punk Vyvyan.   Edmondson led the tributes to Mayall Monday, telling Britain's Press Association news agency: "There were times when Rik and I were writing together when we almost died laughing.   "They were some of the most carefree, stupid days I ever had, and I feel privileged to have shared them with him. And now he's died for real. Without me. Selfish bastard."   Writer and comedian Ben Elton told the Press Association Mayall had "changed his life" by asking him to work on "The Young Ones." "He always made me cry with laughter, now he's just made me cry."   In cult favorite "Blackadder" -- also co-written by Elton -- Mayall was memorably cast in the guest role of the womanizing Lord Flashheart, who steals the anti-hero's fiancé from under his nose -- at the altar. His lines were regularly repeated in schoolyards and student pubs. 
GNU is an operating system and an extensive collection of computer software. GNU is composed wholly of free software, most of which is licensed under the GNU Project's own GPL.   "GNU" is a recursive acronym for ""GNU's Not Unix!"", chosen because GNU's design is Unix-like, but differs from Unix by being free software and containing no Unix code. The GNU project includes an operating system kernel, GNU HURD, which was the original focus of the Free Software Foundation (FSF). However, non-GNU kernels, most famously Linux, can also be used with GNU software; as the Hurd kernel is not yet production-ready, this is how the GNU system is usually used. The combination of GNU software and the Linux kernel is commonly known as Linux (or less frequently GNU/Linux; see GNU/Linux naming controversy).   Richard Stallman, the founder of the project, views GNU as a "technical means to a social end". Relatedly Lawrence Lessig states in his introduction to the second edition of Stallman's book "Free Software, Free Society" that in it Stallman has written about "the social aspects of software and how Free Software can create community and social justice."   Development of the GNU operating system was initiated by Richard Stallman while he worked at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) Artificial Intelligence Laboratory. It was called the GNU Project, and was publicly announced on September 27, 1983, on the net.unix-wizards and net.usoft newsgroups by Richard Stallman. Software development began on January 5, 1984, when Stallman quit his job at the Lab so that they could not claim ownership or interfere with distributing GNU components as free software. Richard Stallman chose the name by using various plays on words, including the song "The Gnu".
The United States presidential election of 2008 was the 56th quadrennial presidential election. It was held on Tuesday, November 4, 2008. Democratic Party nominees Barack Obama, a U.S. Senator from Illinois, and his running mate Joe Biden, a long-time U.S. Senator from Delaware, defeated Republican Party nominees John McCain, a long-time and current U.S. Senator from Arizona, and his running mate Sarah Palin, a Governor of Alaska. Obama became the first African American ever to be elected president of the United States, and Joe Biden became the first Roman Catholic ever elected vice president.   The incumbent president, George W. Bush, of the Republican Party, was ineligible to be elected to a third term due to term limits in the Twenty-second Amendment to the United States Constitution. McCain secured the Republican nomination by March 2008, but the Democratic nomination was marked by a sharp contest between Obama and initial front-runner Senator Hillary Clinton, with Obama not securing the nomination until early June. Early campaigning had focused heavily on the Iraq War and the unpopularity of outgoing Republican President George W. Bush, but all candidates focused on domestic concerns as well, which grew more prominent as the economy experienced the onset of the Great Recession and a major financial crisis that peaked in September 2008.
(CNN)That sound you just heard was the crash of hearts breaking all over the world.   Zayn Malik is leaving One Direction.   "After five incredible years Zayn Malik has decided to leave One Direction," the band said on its Facebook page and tweeted out to its 22.9 million Twitter followers.   "Niall, Harry, Liam and Louis will continue as a four-piece and look forward to the forthcoming concerts of their world tour and recording their fifth album, due to be released later this year."   Rumors about such a move had started since Malik left the band's tour last week. At the time, a rep told Rolling Stone he had "been signed off with stress" after a scandal erupted following the publication of a photo showing Malik holding hands with someone other than his fiancee.   Fans on Twitter immediately responded with teary Vine videos and the #AlwaysInOurHeartsZaynMalik hashtag.   Even the Girl Scouts got in on the act with a sweet tribute to the singer.   The band's Wikipedia page was also quickly updated with a sentence, "Zayn Malik was formerly a member."   And Spotify said that global streams of One Direction songs were up 330% Wednesday in the hour after the news was announced -- a "spike of sadness," as the music service called it. In the U.S. alone, streams of the band's music were up 769%. To mark the occasion, Spotify created a special playlist of 1D songs.   Malik, 22, has been part of the very popular British boy band since it was formed (at the urging of Simon Cowell, according to some stories) in 2010 after members auditioned separately for the UK version of "The X Factor." Cowell became a mentor and signed them to his label. 
John wanted to have a birthday party for his son, Mike. John and his wife Sara knew that their son loved clowns, as did their daughter Jane. So they looked up a place to have a clown come to his birthday party. When the clown arrived, ten of Mikes friends showed up to watch the show. His parents had sent out 12 invites, thinking 6 or 8 kids would come. The clown started the show by squirting some water from a flower into John's face. This caused John's face to turn red. After the show, when everyone had left, it was up to John and Sara to clean up after the party. There was food everywhere; they had had salad and there was lettuce on the ground. Later that evening it was dinnertime and the family had to choose what to eat. The choices were order a pizza, make hamburgers, go get fried chicken or make noodles. Since it was Mike's birthday they let him choose. He really wanted pizza so they called up Pizza Palace to place their order. When the pizza arrived it did not come in a square box like most pizzas. Instead it was in a round box that no one had ever seen. John gave everybody a slice and then placed Mike in his lap to eat dinner.
What is Bay? The simple answer is that it is a global trading platform where nearly anyone can trade practically anything. People can sell and buy all kinds of products and goods. Including cars, movies and DVDs, sporting goods, travel tickets, musical instruments, clothes and shoes- the list goes on and on   The idea came from Peter Omidyar, who was born in Paris and moved to Washington when he was still a child, At high school, be became very interested in computer programming and after graduating from Tuft University in 1988, He worked for the next few years as a computer engineer. In his free time he started Bay as a kind of hobby, at first offering the service free by word of mouth. By 1996 there was so much traffic on the website that he had to upgrade and he began charging a fee to members. Joined by a friend, Peter Skill. and in 1998 by his capable CEO, Meg Whitman, he has never looked back. . Even in the great. com crashes of the late 1990s,abay has gone from strength to strength ,. It is now one of the ten most visited online shopping websites on the Internet   eBay sells connections, not goods, putting buyer and seller into contact with each other. All you have to do is lake an e-photo, write a description, fill out a sales form and you are in business: the world is your market place. Of course for each item sold eBay gets a percentage and that is great deal of money. Every day there are more than sixteen million items listed on eBay and eighty percent of the items are sold.
Three Pakistani paramilitary soldiers were killed this week in a cross-border firefight between Pakistan and India, officials said Thursday.   The soldiers were moving from one post to another along the border when they came under fire by Indian forces, said Maj. Gen. Athar Abbas, Pakistan army spokesman.   Since a cease-fire is in effect, the firing by Indian forces was unprovoked, Abbas said. But Pakistani forces retaliated after the shots were fired, he said.   It was unclear whether the incident took place late Tuesday or Wednesday, as Pakistani and Indian officials provided different times.   Lt. Col. J.S. Brar, Indian defense spokesman for the disputed Kashmir region, said there were two violations of the cease-fire on the Line of Control, the de facto border between Indian- and Pakistan-administered Kashmir. In the first, fighting continued for about an hour, he said. A second violation took place Thursday morning, he said, and one Indian soldier was injured. Brar said he could not comment on Pakistani casualties.   Pakistani officials said severe weather conditions in Kashmir, a Himalayan region, hampered removal of the soldiers' bodies. Pakistan has asked the Indian local commanding authority for a full report on the incident.   India and Pakistan have have fought three wars since the partition of the Asian subcontinent in 1947. Two of them were over Kashmir, which is claimed by both nuclear powers.   On August 20, an Indian army officer and five militants were killed in clashes along the Line of Control. India has accused Pakistan of aiding infiltration into Indian Kashmir, which has battled separatist violence for more than two decades. Islamabad has denied the accusations. More than 40,000 have died in the violence, officials say. 
(CNN)A Georgia police chief who said he accidentally shot and seriously injured his wife while the couple were sleeping in bed has resigned, the Peachtree City Police Department said Wednesday.   William McCollom stepped down as chief of police in Peachtree City nearly a week after a prosecutor announced that although the New Year's Day shooting appeared accidental, McCollom could eventually face a misdemeanor charge accusing him of recklessly taking a gun to bed after drinking alcohol and taking sleeping medication.   The shooting in Peachtree City, an upscale community of 35,000 people south of Atlanta, left Margaret McCollom paralyzed below the waist.   "I have had had two families in Peachtree City -- my police family and my personal family. In light of the recent tragedy in my personal family, I need to continue to focus my time and efforts there," William McCollom said in a message posted Wednesday on the police department's Facebook page.   Medics and police rushed to the McColloms' home early on January 1 after the chief called 911 to say he accidentally shot his wife as both were sleeping -- by inadvertently moving a gun that he had taken to bed with him.   "The gun was in the bed, I went to move it, put it to the side, and it went off," McCollom says in a recording of the 911 call.   Later in the call, the operator asked McCollom, "Were you asleep also when this happened?"   "Yes," the chief, 57 at the time, replied.   Last week, Scott Ballard, district attorney for a several-county area that includes Peachtree City, said a Georgia Bureau of Investigation probe found the following: 
Disney's cartoon, Finding Nemo, tells a touching story of a father called Martin and his son Nemo.   Martin loses his wife and an entire family of unhatched eggs to a huge shark. Only one fish egg remains, Nemo. Martin promises his dead wife that he will protect his young son at any cost. So, Martin becomes fearful of almost everything in the ocean. That makes him over protective-he hopes to keep his kid safe from the challenges that life presents. Martin's nagging makes Nemo feel that he doesn't need his dad telling him what to do.   So on his first day of school, Nemo and some friends swim to the edge of their coral reef, a place Martin always thinks is very dangerous. When Martin shouts at Nemo come back, Nemo refuses to listen to him and swim out to a boat in the distance. Suddenly, he gets caught by some divers. So begins Martin's journey to find Nemo, who ends up in an aquarium in an office in Australia. Soon the worried father runs into Dory, a forgetful blue fish, who helps Martin find his son. Meanwhile, Nemo misses his father terribly. He soon hears that he will be given to an eight-year-old girl who likes to kill fish.   Can Martin find his son before it is too late?   Finding Nemo is a physical and mental journey. Martin overcomes his shyness and anxieties and Nemo discovers his own and his father's hidden strengths. It celebrates the relationship between fathers and their sons.   The cartoon paints a sea world that is alive with color. All the characters are very human-like and have their own personalities.   Finding Nemo was released in the US on may 30, earning about US $70.6 million in just three days, it has set a new opening records for a cartoon.
It had been some time since Jack had seen the old man.Over the phone ,his mother told him,"Mr.Belser died last night ,The funeral is Wednesday."Memories flashed through his mind like an old newsreel as he sat quietly remembering his childhood days.   When Jack was very young ,his father died.Mr Belser,who lived in the same neighborhood with them,spent as much time as he could to make sure Jack had a man's influence in his life.He spent a lot of time teachimg Jack he thought what was important in his following life.If Mr.Belser hadn' taught him how to weave,he wouldn't be in this business now.So he promised his mother he would attend Mr.Belser's funeral.   "You'd better not drive your car.It's a long way."his mother warned him.   Busy as he was,he kept his word.Though tired from the earliest flight,Jack tried his best to help.Mr.Belser's funeral was small because he had no children of his own and most of his s had passed away.   The night before he had to return home,Jack and his mother stopped by to see the old house Mr.Belser once lived.Now it belonged to him.He bought the house from one of his s.   The house was exactly as he remembered.Every step held memories.Every picture,every piece of furniture... Jadk stopped suddenly.   The box on his desk was gone!He once asked the old man what was inside.He just smiled and said it was the most valuable thing to him,though it almost cost nothing to others.He figured that someone from the Belser family had taken it ."I will never know what was so valuable to him."Jack thought disappotntedly.   Three days later returning home from work,Jack discovered a small package in his mailbox.   The handwriting was difficult to read,but the return address caught his attention."Mr.Harold Belser"it read.   Jack couldn't wait to open it .Inside lay the familiar small box.His heart racing,Jack unlocked the box.Inside he found a gold pocket watch with these words engraved:"Jack,Thanks for your time!Harold Belser."   "The thing he valued most was my time."Jack held the watch before his chest,tears filling his eyes.
Yao Ming was born in China in 1980. Now the big name from China is playing for the Houston Rockets in the NBA. He is the son of two basketball players and he learned how to play basketball when he was young. Now, as one of the stars in the NBA, he is working hard to show the world that Chinese basketball players can do well in this game, too! Pele was a famous football player. He was born in Brazil in 1940. He started playing for Santos when he was only 16 and he didn't retire until 1977. He played for Brazil 111 times and he scored 97 international goals. Pele came from a poor family. He started playing football in the streets. He played for Santos and quickly became an international star. Steffi Graf was born in Germany in 1969. She won the tennis semi-final at Wimbledon in 1985 when she was only 16, but she lost the final to another great tennis player, Martina Navratilova. People were 'surprised at the strength and power of her game. She soon became a famous tennis player and won most of the main matches.
Yale University is an American private Ivy League research university in New Haven, Connecticut. Founded in 1701 in Saybrook Colony as the Collegiate School, the University is the third-oldest institution of higher education in the United States. The school was renamed Yale College in 1718 in recognition of a gift from Elihu Yale, who was governor of the British East India Company. Established to train Congregationalist ministers in theology and sacred languages, by 1777 the school's curriculum began to incorporate humanities and sciences. In the 19th century the school incorporated graduate and professional instruction, awarding the first Ph.D. in the United States in 1861 and organizing as a university in 1887.   Yale is organized into fourteen constituent schools: the original undergraduate college, the Yale Graduate School of Arts and Sciences, and twelve professional schools. While the university is governed by the Yale Corporation, each school's faculty oversees its curriculum and degree programs. In addition to a central campus in downtown New Haven, the University owns athletic facilities in western New Haven, including the Yale Bowl, a campus in West Haven, Connecticut, and forest and nature preserves throughout New England. The university's assets include an endowment valued at $25.6 billion as of September 2015, the second largest of any educational institution.The Yale University Library, serving all constituent schools, holds more than 15 million volumes and is the third-largest academic library in the United States.
The House of Habsburg, also called House of Austria, was one of the most influential and outstanding royal houses of Europe. The throne of the Holy Roman Empire was continuously occupied by the Habsburgs between 1438 and 1740. The house also produced emperors and kings of the Kingdom of Bohemia, Kingdom of England ("Jure uxoris" King), Kingdom of Germany, Kingdom of Hungary, Kingdom of Croatia, Second Mexican Empire, Kingdom of Ireland ("Jure uxoris" King), Kingdom of Portugal, and Spain, as well as rulers of several Dutch and Italian principalities. From the 16th century, following the reign of Charles V, the dynasty was split between its Austrian and Spanish branches. Although they ruled distinct territories, they nevertheless maintained close relations and frequently intermarried.   The House takes its name from Habsburg Castle, a fortress built in the 1020s in present-day Switzerland, in the canton of Aargau, by Count Radbot of Klettgau, who chose to name his fortress Habsburg. His grandson Otto II was the first to take the fortress name as his own, adding "Count of Habsburg" to his title. The House of Habsburg gathered dynastic momentum through the 11th, 12th, and 13th centuries.   By 1276, Count Radbot's seventh generation descendant Rudolph of Habsburg had moved the family's power base from Habsburg Castle to the Duchy of Austria. Rudolph had become King of Germany in 1273, and the dynasty of the House of Habsburg was truly entrenched in 1276 when Rudolph became ruler of Austria, which the Habsburgs ruled until 1918.
Lisa has a pet cat named Whiskers. Whiskers is black with a white spot on her chest. Whiskers also has white paws that look like little white mittens.   Whiskers likes to sleep in the sun on her favorite chair. Whiskers also likes to drink creamy milk.   Lisa is excited because on Saturday, Whiskers turns two years old.   After school on Friday, Lisa rushes to the pet store. She wants to buy Whiskers' birthday presents. Last year, she gave Whiskers a play mouse and a blue feather.   For this birthday, Lisa is going to give Whiskers a red ball of yarn and a bowl with a picture of a cat on the side. The picture is of a black cat. It looks a lot like Whiskers.
The death of Steve Jobs has renewed comparisons to another great innovator who died 80 years ago this month -- Thomas Edison. But there are important differences between the two men.   In the 80 years between their deaths, consumers came to dominate the economy, a transformation that was only beginning during the later years of Edison's life. Steve Jobs was a master at understanding how to create transformative consumer technologies.   Although Edison was a key innovator in two consumer technologies -- sound recording and motion pictures -- he struggled to understand the consumer markets he helped to create. His most important technological innovation was the electrical system, which made possible the personal computers, music players and smartphones innovated by Jobs. Edison was also more involved in the day-to-day work of invention than Jobs, and his other great innovation was the industrial research and development laboratory   While the differences between Edison and Jobs are important, so, are their similarities. These offer lessons for other innovators. Jobs and Edison succeeded because they were good at envisioning how long-term developments in scientific and technical knowledge could be transformed into new technologies.   At the start of his electric light research Edison described his vision for an entire electric light and power system and then used the knowledge of decades of research on incandescent lamps and generators to create the first viable incandescent lamp and the entire electric light and power system that made it commercially viable.   Similarly, before developing the Macintosh computer, Jobs envisioned how two decades of work on graphical user interfaces and the computer mouse could transform the way people used computers, and also how the development of touchscreens and miniaturization could be transformed into the smartphone. 
Mahātmā Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi (; ; 2 October 1869 – 30 January 1948) was the leader of the Indian independence movement against British rule. Employing nonviolent civil disobedience, Gandhi led India to independence and inspired movements for civil rights and freedom across the world. The honorific Mahātmā (Sanskrit: "high-souled", "venerable")—applied to him first in 1914 in South Africa—is now used worldwide. In India, he is also called Bapu ji (Gujarati: endearment for "father", "papa") and Gandhi ji. He is unofficially called the "Father of the Nation"   Born and raised in a Hindu merchant caste family in coastal Gujarat, western India, and trained in law at the Inner Temple, London, Gandhi first employed nonviolent civil disobedience as an expatriate lawyer in South Africa, in the resident Indian community's struggle for civil rights. After his return to India in 1915, he set about organising peasants, farmers, and urban labourers to protest against excessive land-tax and discrimination. Assuming leadership of the Indian National Congress in 1921, Gandhi led nationwide campaigns for various social causes and for achieving "Swaraj" or self-rule.   Gandhi famously led Indians in challenging the British-imposed salt tax with the Dandi Salt March in 1930, and later in calling for the British to "Quit India" in 1942. He was imprisoned for many years, upon many occasions, in both South Africa and India. He lived modestly in a self-sufficient residential community and wore the traditional Indian "dhoti" and shawl, woven with yarn hand-spun on a "charkha". He ate simple vegetarian food, and also undertook long fasts as a means of both self-purification and political protest.
As they went to the doors they saw they had the letters A, B, C, and D on them. What did it mean? Alpha, the leader, told everyone to stop and look at the doors, so as to see which door they would go through. The walls were brown and dirty. The lights were yellow. Door A was blue. This was Beta's choice. Door B was red. Door C was the same color as door A. Door D a color no one had seen before. Gamma felt that Alpha needed to make a choice soon before the monsters caught their scent. Delta was the first to voice a choice. He wanted to go in the red door. Alpha told him that the old books said to go in the blue door. This is why it was so hard for Alpha right now. Two doors were blue. Being a good leader, Alpha asked everyone what they wanted to do. The final choice was door D. They went in and enjoyed all of time in a world with odd colors.
Donald was not very good at math. He could not understand the teacher's explanations . Even when the teacher explained something a second time, Donald still could not understand it. "Never mind," Donald told himself. "I am quite good at other subjects. I will cheat in the math exam, then I won't be in trouble." "I will sit next to the boy who is best at math," he thought, "and copy down his answers." The day of the exam came, and Donald sat next to Brain Smith, who always was at the top of the class in math. Donald carefully copied Brian's answers onto his own exam paper. At the end of the exam, the teacher collected the papers and graded them. Then she said, "well, boys and girls. I have decided to give a prize to the student who got the highest grade. It's difficult for me to decide who to give the prize to, however, because two students, Donald and Brian, got the same grade." "Let them share it," one of the other students said. "I thought about that," the teacher said, "but I decided to give the prize to Brian." Donald was angry when he heard this. He stood up and said. "That's not fair. I got the same grade as Brian." 'That's true." The teacher said." However, Brian's answer to Question 18 was "I don't know," yours was "Neither do I".
The English word "translation" derives from the Latin translatio (which itself comes from trans- and from fero, the supine form of which is latum—together meaning "a carrying across" or "a bringing across"). The modern Romance languages use equivalents of the English term "translation" that are derived from that same Latin source or from the alternative Latin traducere ("to lead across" or "to bring across"). The Slavic and Germanic languages (except in the case of the Dutch equivalent, "vertaling"—a "re-language-ing") likewise use calques of these Latin sources.   Despite occasional theoretical diversity, the actual practice of translation has hardly changed since antiquity. Except for some extreme metaphrasers in the early Christian period and the Middle Ages, and adapters in various periods (especially pre-Classical Rome, and the 18th century), translators have generally shown prudent flexibility in seeking equivalents — "literal" where possible, paraphrastic where necessary — for the original meaning and other crucial "values" (e.g., style, verse form, concordance with musical accompaniment or, in films, with speech articulatory movements) as determined from context.
Alex was happy when he woke up. He was really happy he didn't have to go to a dumb sit down school like his cousins. He was a home school kid. There was lots to do today. He woke Tigerrr, his kitty. They were going to look at the apple trees. He was seeing if he could grow more fruit by feeding them different kinds of food. He fed one chips and he fed one chocolate. He hoped the fruit would taste like apple chocolate! He fed one root beer and he fed another one salad. He fed one of them seaweed. He wrote down how many fruits each tree had, and this is what he found. The root beer tree had five fruits. The tree that was fed chocolate had three. The chip tree had ten. The salad tree had fifteen. The seaweed tree had fifty apples! They were everywhere. "The winner!", said Tigerrr, his paw in the air.
The Independent is a British online newspaper. Established in 1986 as an independent national morning newspaper published in London, it was controlled by Tony O'Reilly's Independent News & Media from 1997 until it was sold to Russian oligarch Alexander Lebedev in 2010. The last printed edition of "The Independent" was published Saturday 20 March 2016, leaving only its digital editions.   Nicknamed the "Indy", it began as a broadsheet, but changed to tabloid (compact) format in 2003. Until September 2011, the paper described itself on the banner at the top of every newspaper as "free from party political bias, free from proprietorial influence". It tends to take a pro-market stance on economic issues.   The daily edition was named "National Newspaper of the Year" at the 2004 British Press Awards.   In June 2015, it had an average daily circulation of just below 58,000, 85 per cent down from its 1990 peak, while the Sunday edition had a circulation of just over 97,000.   Launched in 1986, the first issue of "The Independent" was published on 7 October in broadsheet format. It was produced by Newspaper Publishing plc and created by Andreas Whittam Smith, Stephen Glover and Matthew Symonds. All three partners were former journalists at "The Daily Telegraph" who had left the paper towards the end of Lord Hartwell's ownership. Marcus Sieff was the first chairman of Newspaper Publishing, and Whittam Smith took control of the paper.
Philosophy of space and time is the branch of philosophy concerned with the issues surrounding the ontology, epistemology, and character of space and time. While such ideas have been central to philosophy from its inception, the philosophy of space and time was both an inspiration for and a central aspect of early analytic philosophy. The subject focuses on a number of basic issues, including whether or not time and space exist independently of the mind, whether they exist independently of one another, what accounts for time's apparently unidirectional flow, whether times other than the present moment exist, and questions about the nature of identity (particularly the nature of identity over time).   The earliest recorded Western philosophy of time was expounded by the ancient Egyptian thinker Ptahhotep (c. 2650–2600 BC), who said, "Do not lessen the time of following desire, for the wasting of time is an abomination to the spirit." The Vedas, the earliest texts on Indian philosophy and Hindu philosophy, dating back to the late 2nd millennium BC, describe ancient Hindu cosmology, in which the universe goes through repeated cycles of creation, destruction, and rebirth, with each cycle lasting 4,320,000 years. Ancient Greek philosophers, including Parmenides and Heraclitus, wrote essays on the nature of time.
Tu Youyou has become the first Chinese woman to win a Nobel Prize, for her work in helping to create an anti-malaria medicine. The 84-year-old's route to the honour has been anything but traditional. In China, she is being called the "three nos" winner: no medical degree, no doctorate, and she's never worked overseas. In 1967, malaria, a then deadly disease, spread by mosquitoes was _ Chinese soldiers fighting Americans in the jungles of northern Vietnam. A secret research unit "Mission 523 "was formed to find a cure for the illness. Two years later, Tu Youyou was instructed to become the new head of "Mission 523". "Mission523" read ancient books carefully for a long time to find historical methods of fighting malaria. When she started her search for an anti-malarial drug, more than 240,000 compounds around the world had already been tested, without any success. Finally, the team found a brief reference to one substance, sweet wormwood , which had been used to treat malaria in China around 400 AD. The team took out one active compound in wormwood, and then tested it. But nothing was effective until Tu Youyou returned to the original ancient text. After another careful reading, she changed the drug recipe one final time, heating the compound without allowing it to reach boiling point. After the drug showed promising results in mice and monkeys, Tu Youyou volunteered to be the first human recipient of the new drug. " In any case, Tu Youyou is consistently praised for her drive and passion. One former colleague. Lianda Li, says Ms Tu is "unsociable and quite straightforward", adding that "if she disagrees with something, she will say it." Another colleague, Fuming Liao, who has worked with Tu Youyou for more than 40 years, describes her as a "tough and stubborn woman". Stubborn enough to spend decades piecing together ancient texts, she applies them to modern scientific practices. The result has saved millions of lives.
The Boston Globe (sometimes abbreviated as The Globe) is an American daily newspaper founded and based in Boston, Massachusetts since its creation by Charles H. Taylor in 1872. The newspaper has won a total of 26 Pulitzer Prizes as of 2016, and with a total paid circulation of 245,824 from September 2015 to August 2016, it is the 25th most read newspaper in the United States. "The Boston Globe" is the oldest and largest daily newspaper in Boston.   Founded in the later 19th century, the paper was mainly controlled by Irish Catholic interests before being sold to Charles H. Taylor and his family. After being privately held until 1973, it was sold to "The New York Times" in 1993 for $1.1 billion, making it one of the most expensive print purchases in U.S. history. Historically, the newspaper has been noted as "one of the nation’s most prestigious papers," and was purchased in 2013 by Boston Red Sox and Liverpool F.C. owner John W. Henry for $70 million from the New York Times Company.   The paper's coverage of the 2001–2003 Roman Catholic Church sex abuse scandal, received international media attention and served as the basis of the 2015 American drama, "Spotlight." The movie revolved around the Boston Globe Spotlight Team, a team of investigative journalists tasked with uncovering intricacies of a single topic or story.
Helen Thomas, born on August 4, 1920, is a famous news reporter, a Hearst Newspapers columnist, and member of the White House Press Corps. She served for fifty-seven years as a correspondent and White House bureau chief for United Press International (UPI). She is called "First Lady of the Press".   Born in Kentucky, Helen Thomas was raised in Detroit, Michigan where she attended public schools and later graduated from Wayne State University. Upon leaving college, Helen served as a copy girl in an old company in Washington. In 1943, Ms. Thomas joined United Press International and the Washington Press Corps. Thomas served as president of the Women's National Press Club from 1959 to 1960.   In November, Helen began covering then President-elect John F. Kennedy, following him to the White House in January 1961 as a UPI correspondent. She later became White House Bureau Chief for UPI, where she was employed until her resignation on May 17, 2000. Thomas then became a White House correspondent and columnist.   Thomas was the only woman journalist traveling with then President Nixon to China in January, 1972. She has traveled around the world several times with Presidents Nixon, Ford, Carter, Reagan, Bush, and Clinton, during the course of which she covered every Economic Summit.The World Almanachas cited her as one of the 25 Most Influential Women in America.   On March 21, 2006, Thomas was called upon directly by President Bush for the first time in three years. Thomas asked Bush about Iraq. Helen Thomas has written four books and she is also a popular speaker at events nationwide.
Somerset is a rural county of rolling hills such as the Blackdown Hills, Mendip Hills, Quantock Hills and Exmoor National Park, and large flat expanses of land including the Somerset Levels. There is evidence of human occupation from Paleolithic times, and of subsequent settlement in the Roman and Anglo-Saxon periods. The county played a significant part in the consolidation of power and rise of King Alfred the Great, and later in the English Civil War and the Monmouth Rebellion. The city of Bath is famous for its substantial Georgian architecture and is a UNESCO World Heritage Site.   The people of Somerset are mentioned in the Anglo-Saxon Chronicle's entry for AD 845, in the inflected form "Sumursætum", and the county is recorded in the entry for 1015 using the same name. The archaic name Somersetshire was mentioned in the Chronicle's entry for 878. Although "Somersetshire" was in common use as an alternative name for the county, it went out of fashion in the late 19th century, and is no longer used possibly due to the adoption of "Somerset" as the county's official name after the establishment of the county council in 1889. As with other counties not ending in "shire," the suffix was superfluous, as there was no need to differentiate between the county and a town within it.
One day Poppy the puppy went outside to play. He ran around the yard as fast as he could. After running, Poppy began to play with his ball. When Poppy was tired of that, Poppy play catch with Mary. Poppy was very happy when Mary wanted to play with him. Poppy would jump on Mary and start to lick her face. Mary was happy when Poppy showed her all that love. Later on Mary and Poppy went inside to eat and take a nap.
Helen loved small animals. One morning while she was walking in the forest, she found two weak birds in the grass. She took them home and put them in a small cage. She looked after them with love and the birds both grew well. They thanked her with a wonderful song every morning. But something happened one day. Helen left the door of the cage open. The larger bird flew from the cage. She thought that it would fly away, so she _ it. She was very excited to catch it. Suddenly she felt strange. She opened her hand and looked sadly at the dead bird. Her great love had killed the bird! The other bird was moving back and forth in the cage. Helen could feel the bird want to go out. It wanted to fly into the blue sky. At once, Helen took the bird out of the cage and let it fly away. The bird circled, twice, three times... Helen enjoyed watching the bird flying and singing happily. Suddenly the bird flew closer and landed softly on her head. It sang the sweetest song that she had ever heard. The easiest way to lose love is to hold too tight. The best way to keep love is to give it freedom.
Matthew Murray, the man who police say shot and killed four people at two separate locations in Colorado on Sunday, died from a self-inflicted gunshot wound, the coroner's office said Tuesday.   A former roommate took this photo of Matthew Murray performing in a 2002 Christmas program.   "The death of Matthew Murray has been ruled a suicide," the El Paso County Coroner's Office said in a statement.   "It should be noted that he was struck multiple times by the security officer, which put him down. He then fired a single round killing himself," the statement said.   Police Sgt. Skip Arms told The Associated Press that Murray shot himself in the head.   Police say before Murray, 24, went down, he shot and killed sisters Stephanie and Rachael Works, ages 18 and 16, and wounded their father, who was in or near their car in the parking lot of New Life Church in Colorado Springs, Colorado.   Murray also wounded two other people with his assault rifle as he re-entered the church.   One of them, Larry Bourbonnais, said he tried to distract the shooter before security guard Jeanne Assam made her move. Watch Bourbonnais describe the scene at New Life »   "I'm telling you right now, she's the hero, not me. It was the bravest thing I have ever seen," Bourbonnais said. "She had no cover. He fired -- I heard him fire three. I heard her fire three. And she just began -- she kept yelling 'Surrender!' the whole time. And she just walked forward, like she's walking to her car in the parking lot, firing the whole time." 
Yaounde, Cameroon (CNN)Cameroonian troops and their allies have freed a German man who was held for six months by Islamist terror group Boko Haram, Cameroonian President Paul Biya said.   Boko Haram kidnapped German citizen Robert Nitsch Eberhard in Nigeria in July, Biya said in a statement read Wednesday on state-run broadcaster CRTV. He did not detail how, when or where the rescue operation took place.   "A special operation of Cameroonian armed forces and security services of friendly countries" freed the man, he said.   Eberhard told journalists he was glad to be alive.   "I am happy to see all these people around me, who have rescued me and made sure that I survived, because until the last minute, I did not know whether I would survive or I would not survive. It was for me a big problem. Because it was darkness, total darkness, and you see nobody around you. Then this is a big problem to say OK, I will survive or not survive," Eberhard said.   Eberhard was flown in from Cameroon's Far North Region to Yaounde shortly after noon Wednesday.   He said he was grateful to all those who worked to secure his release.   The German ambassador to Cameroon, Klaus-Ludwig Keferstein, also thanked Cameroonian authorities, particularly because "we could find a solution to this problem of hostage-taking," he said.   Eberhard spoke amid heavy security and mentioned that he was teaching at a vocational school in Gombe, Adamawa state, Nigeria, before the insurgents took him hostage in July.   He has been taken to the residence of the German ambassador in Yaounde. The ambassador said initial medical care will be given to him before he is flown back to Germany for more medical attention. 
Angela Chang didn't know it would be so hard to turn singing into a career . She went to many different record companies. But she was always _ for looking too young and small. "I'd never had such difficulties before," Chang said. But Chang's talent was finally accepted in 2002. When she got a piece of work, she cried. She soon became a star. Her first albumOver the Rainbowsold very well. She won many awards. "You wouldn't believe such a beautiful voice could come from such a small body," said one musician after hearing Chang sing. "She has a special voice. You can't forget it." But the 25-year-old girl has other talents too. Chang is also an actress. She has played a role in the popular TV plays, My MVP ValentineandAt Dolphin Bay. Many people remember her common-girl parts in the plays. But acting is difficult. Chang once acted so badly that she was nearly fired . Another time it took her 27 tries to get a scene right. "I cried when I got back home," Chang said. "But I knew that I wouldn't always fail. You only fail when you give up." Now with four albums behind her -Over the Rainbow, Aurora, Pandoraand Flower in the Wonderland, it's clear that Chang and music were made for each other. As she sings in one song, "I have a pair of invisible wings . They fly me to the skies and give me hope."
More college graduates in China are seeking for work experience instead of advanced degrees, a survey shows. The practical approach, coupled with a record number of students graduating from college, is expected to strengthen competition in the job market, analysts said.   More than 76 percent of university students said they wanted to work after earning their degrees this summer, up from 68.5 percent in 2012 and 73.6 percent last year, according to poll results from Zhaopin.com, a major online agency, Zhu Bo.   The annual survey also shows that about 20 percent university graduates chose to further education after graduation, while about 3 percent wanted to start their own businesses.   Zeng Hao ,a 25-year-old media major, managed to land a job in a publishing company in Zhongshan, Guangdong province, before he received his master's degree from the University of Macau in June. " Work experience really matters in the publishing industry" he said.   Wei Guihong , a program administrator at Nanjing University, said about 60 percent of the school's graduates entered the labor market every year. "More and more students majoring in a foreign language choose to go abroad to continue their studies to improve their language skills," she said continuously, "That's perhaps a bright future."   Liu Junsheng , a researcher at the Labor and Wage Institute of the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security, believes that economic conditions play a vital role in shaping college graduates' choices ."There were fewer job opportunities in the market. " he said. "Although academic degrees still matter, more and more employers value job seekers' work experience." he said.   The Zhaopin.com survey shows that each of the graduates sent resumes on average to about 28 potential employers and received five interview opportunities.
It was not the first time for Shi Benliang, a senior physics major at Peking University, to feed cats. But the 22-year-old felt sad when he saw the scars and wounds on the bodies of the little creatures.   "I can imagine how they have suffered from being abandoned. They lead a harsh life wandering around," said the student..Shi is one of a dozen students at the university volunteering to feed the stray cats during the winter break.   Recruited by the Stray Cat Rescue Association at the university through a Bulletin Board System (BBS), he took turns with other students to care for the homeless animals. It is estimated that there are more than 100 stray cats on the campus of Peking University.   Jin Jing, 18, an economics freshman at the university, cared for the cats for two days. "At around 5 pm I cycled to the 22 feeding sites on campus marked on a special map," she said. "At each site I left some cat food and water."Jin was excited when the animals rushed to her feet. "Some are shy and timid, and others are more outgoing. Each of them has their own name such as 'Sweet Orange' or 'Karl Marx'," she said. "By feeding them I learned to respect life."   Liu Chenhao, a senior electronics and computer science major, who is in charge of the association, said that feeding was just one part of their responsibilities."Our aim is to keep the stray cats in check and maintain harmony between them and the students on campus," he said.   The organization also takes cats to the animal hospital to be treated for oral and skin disease. Another of its major tasks is to find new homes for the cats by uploading their photos and information online.   "We're very careful when selecting owners and ask them lots of questions to ensure that they won't desert their cat under any circumstances, such as when they move house or get married," Liu said. But he stressed that their acts of kindness shouldn't encourage anyone to abandon their cat. "A cat's normal life expectancy is more than 10 years, but a stray one may survive for only two or three." (365words)
There seems to be a general assumption that brilliant people cannot stand routine ; that they need a varied , exciting life in order to do their best . It is also assumed that dull people are particularly suited for dull work . We are told that the reason the present-day young complain so loudly about the dullness of jobs is that they are better educated and brighter than the young of the past .   Actually , there is no evidence that people who achieve a lot desire , let alone live , colorful lives . The opposite is nearer the truth . Einstein worked out his theory of relativity while serving as a clerk in a Swiss patent office . Immanuel Kant's daily life was a dull routine . The housewives of Konigsberg set their clocks when they saw him pass , on his way to the university . He took the same walk each morning , rain or shine . The greatest distance Kant ever traveled was sixty miles from Konigsberg .   It may be true that work on the assembly line dulls the abilities and empties the mind , and the cure is only fewer hours of work at higher pay . But during fifty years as a workingman , I have found dull routine coexisting with an active mind . While doing dull , repetitive work by the water , I could talk with my partners and compose sentences in my mind , all at the same time . Chances are that had my work been too interesting I could not have done any thinking and composing at work or even on my own time after returning from work .   People who find dull jobs unbearable are often dull people who do not know what to do with themselves at leisure . Children and mature people will get used to dull routine , while the adolescent , who has lost the child's ability for concentration and is without the inner resources of the mature , needs excitement and novelty to get rid of boredom .
Pausing to catch her breath at the bottom of the mountain, Lindsey Vonn was back in business.   It may not have been fast, it may not have been smooth but it was still a landmark moment for the Olympic downhill champion.   The American skiing star had finished her first race since making a complicated recovery from a knee injury.   Vonn needed reconstructive surgery on her right knee after landing heavily on the opening day of the Alpine Ski World Championships in Austria in February.   She has waited 10 months to go racing again and in November her return was put on ice when she partially tore one of her reconstructed knee ligaments in training.   There were no complications for Vonn on her first competitive return down Canada's Lake Louise course -- but her time did not trouble the leaders.   She finished her run in one minute 59.22 seconds -- more than three seconds off the leading time and 40th overall.   The start of the race had been delayed by hazy cloud and extremely cold temperatures which dropped as low as -36 Celsius. Germany's Maria Hoefl-Riesch eventually came out on top with the quickest time.   Vonn is racing against time to find form and fitness as she attempts to defend her downhill crown at February's Winter Olympics in the Russian resort of Sochi.   There she will aim to emulate the feat of fellow American, Picabo Street, who came back the season after reconstructive surgery to win gold at Nagano in 1998. 
A tribe is viewed, developmentally or historically, as a social group existing before the development of nation states, or outside them. A tribe is a group of distinct people, dependent on their land for their livelihood, who are largely self-sufficient, and not integrated into the national society. It is perhaps the term most readily understood and used by the general public to describe such communities. Stephen Corry defines tribal people as those who "...have followed ways of life for many generations that are largely self-sufficient, and are clearly different from the mainstream and dominant society". This definition, however, would not apply to countries in the Middle East such as Iraq and Yemen, South Asia such as Afghanistan and many African countries such as South Sudan, where the entire population is a member of one tribe or another, and tribalism itself is dominant and mainstream.   There are an estimated one hundred and fifty million tribal individuals worldwide, constituting around forty percent of indigenous individuals. Although nearly all tribal people are indigenous, some are not indigenous to the areas where they now live.   The distinction between tribal and indigenous is important because tribal peoples have a special status acknowledged in international law. They often face particular issues in addition to those faced by the wider category of indigenous peoples.
After years plagued by injuries and scandal, Tiger Woods pulled away from his competition Sunday to capture his first PGA Tour win since September 2009.   Months after capturing the BMW Championship, Woods became a tabloid fixture for his affairs with several women that led to the end of his marriage. His golf game also suffered significantly in the 3 1/2 years since, thanks in large part to various injuries.   Yet he had proved successful in the past at the Arnold Palmer Invitational, having won six times before this weekend at the course in his long-time hometown of Orlando, Florida.   He walked up toward the 18th green Sunday to fervent applause, tipping his hat to fans. He ended up tapping in on that hole for par, to finish five strokes ahead of second-place finisher Graeme McDowell.   Palmer: The old Tiger will be back   "It feels really good," Woods told NBC, which covered the event. "(It was) a lot of hard work, I'm so thankful for a lot of people helping me out along the way. It's been tough."   The tournament's namesake, Arnold Palmer, did not congratulate the winner as expected because of a health problem that led to his going to Dr. P. Phillips Hospital in Orlando.   Alastair Johnston, chief operating officer of Arnold Palmer Enterprises, explained in a statement that the 83-year-old golf giant's blood pressure -- when checked 15 minutes before Woods wrapped up the contest -- was "at a level where the doctor involved suggested that he go immediately to get more intensive evaluation at the hospital." 
Tammy was a purple tiger. She was friends with Bobby the blue bird. They were hungry so they went to the store together. At the store they saw some friends. They saw Pat the pink panther. They also saw Roger the red rabbit. Pat bought potatoes and eggs. Roger bought carrots and celery. Tammy bought some salad. Tammy also bought a pizza. Bobby bought seeds. They all wanted to eat dinner. They went back to Tammy's house to have supper. Tammy ate salad and seeds. Roger ate carrots and celery. Bobby ate potatoes. Pat ate eggs and carrots. Tammy was still hungry, so she ate some pizza too. They were all very full. They took a nap. After they woke up they played some games. Everyone had fun at Tammy's house. It got late and everyone went home. Tammy was pleased with how it turned out.
Cable television is a system of delivering television programming to paying subscribers via radio frequency (RF) signals transmitted through coaxial cables, or in more recent systems, light pulses through fiber-optic cables. This contrasts with broadcast television, in which the television signal is transmitted over the air by radio waves and received by a television antenna attached to the television. FM radio programming, high-speed Internet, telephone services, and similar non-television services may also be provided through these cables. Analog television was standard in the 20th century, but since the 2000s, cable systems have been upgraded to digital cable operation.   A "cable channel" (sometimes known as a "cable network") is a television network available via cable television. When available through satellite television, including direct broadcast satellite providers such as DirecTV, Dish Network and BSkyB, as well as via IPTV providers such as Verizon FIOS and AT&T U-verse is referred to as a "satellite channel". Alternative terms include "non-broadcast channel" or "programming service", the latter being mainly used in legal contexts. Examples of cable/satellite channels/cable networks available in many countries are HBO, MTV, Cartoon Network, E!, Eurosport and CNN International.   The abbreviation CATV is often used for cable television. It originally stood for "Community Access Television" or "Community Antenna Television", from cable television's origins in 1948. In areas where over-the-air TV reception was limited by distance from transmitters or mountainous terrain, large "community antennas" were constructed, and cable was run from them to individual homes. The origins of cable "broadcasting" for radio are even older as radio programming was distributed by cable in some European cities as far back as 1924.
It's a grass-roots protest movement composed of the newly politicized and people distrustful of hierarchy. So how is it possible to be an illegitimate Tea Party member?   Ask Republicans in Nevada. Some are accusing Jon Scott Ashjian, a new Tea Party candidate running for U.S. Senate, of being a fake. The allegation? He was put in the race by agents of Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid to siphon votes from the GOP.   "No doubt about it," says Danny Tarkanian, one of the many Republican Senate candidates hoping to challenge Reid in November.   "Nobody in the Tea Party knows who he is. He didn't know any of the principles of the Tea Party," Tarkanian tells CNN.   Tarkanian even accuses "Harry Reid's staff, campaign, whatever" of picking Ashjian because he's Armenian, as is Tarkanian. He explains, "They know the Armenians are very close, they'll vote for each other."   As for Reid, an aide dismisses the accusations. As does Reid, who says he's never met Ashjian or "anyone in his family." Reid tells CNN, "I think there are too many conspiratorialists in the world today. This is a free country."   Sue Lowden, the Republican front-runner in the Senate primary, according to recent polls, is the former Nevada Republican Party chair and seems to be the Republicans' best hope of unseating Reid in November. Or at least she did, until Ashjian got into the race.   Lowden says she's been very active with Tea Party groups in Nevada. "I am a Tea Party voter, absolutely." Which is why she says she finds it "a little strange" that Ashjian is emerging now. "I don't know who this person is. He's never been involved with anything that I'm aware of in this state." 
Mr. Hungerton, her father, really was absolutely centered upon his own silly self. If anything could have driven me from Gladys, it would have been the thought of such a father-in-law. I am convinced that he really believed in his heart that I came round to the Chestnuts three days a week for the pleasure of his company, and very especially to hear his views upon bimetallism .   For an hour or more that evening I listened to his tiring talk about bad money driving out good, and the true standards of exchange.   "Suppose," he cried, "that all the debts in the world were called up at once, and immediate payment insisted upon,--what under our present conditions would happen then?"   I gave the self-evident answer that I should be a ruined man, upon which he jumped from his chair, scolding me for my thoughtless quickness, which made it impossible for him to discuss any reasonable subject in my presence.   At last I was alone with Gladys, and the moment of Fate had come! She sat with that proud, delicate figure of hers outlined against the red curtain. How beautiful she was! Gladys was full of every womanly quality.   I was about to break the long and uneasy silence, when two critical, dark eyes looked round at me, and the proud head was shaken disapprovingly. "I have a feeling that you are going to propose, Ned. I do wish you wouldn't; for things are so much nicer as they are."   I drew my chair a little nearer. "Now, how did you know that I was going to propose?" I asked in wonder.   "Don't women always know? Do you suppose any woman in the world was ever taken unawares? But--oh, Ned, our friendship has been so good and so pleasant! What a pity to spoil it! Don't you feel how splendid it is that a young man and a young woman should be able to talk face to face as we have talked?"   She had sprung from her chair, as she saw signs that I proposed to announce some of my wants. "You've spoiled everything, Ned," she said. "It's all so beautiful and natural until this kind of thing comes in! It is such a pity! Why can't you control yourself?"   "But why can't you love me, Gladys? Is it my appearance, or what?"   "No, it isn't that."   "My character?"   She nodded severely.   "What can I do to mend it?"   She looked at me with a wondering distrust which was much more to my mind than her whole-hearted confidence.   "Now tell me what's amiss with me?"   "I'm in love with somebody else," said she.   It was my turn to jump out of my chair.   "It's nobody in particular," she explained, laughing at the expression of my face: "only an ideal. I've never met the kind of man I mean."   "Tell me about him. What does he look like?"   "Oh, he might look very much like you."   "How dear of you to say that! Well, what is it that he does that I don't do? I'll have a try at it, Gladys, if you will only give me an idea what would please you."   "Well, it is never a man that I should love, but always the glories he had won; for they would be reflected upon me. Think of Richard Burton! When I read his wife's life of him I could so understand her love! And Lady Stanley! Did you ever read the wonderful last chapter of that book about her husband? These are the sort of men that a woman could worship with all her soul, and yet be the greater, not the less, on account of her love, honored by all the world as the inspirer of noble deeds."   "And if I do----"   Her dear hand rested upon my lips. "Not another word, Sir! You should have been at the office for evening duty half an hour ago; only I hadn't the heart to remind you. Some day, perhaps, when you have won your place in the world, we shall talk it over again."
Once there was a granddaddy named Tom who hadn't seen his daughter Rachel in many years. Rachel had a daughter of her own named Melissa, but she and Tom had had a fight before Melissa was born. Because of that, Tom had never met Melissa. Tom's wife Marge had died many years before, so he lived alone. He liked living alone, but he missed Rachel. Tom spent most of his time working in his garden. He liked to plant pumpkins, peppers, and tomatoes. He hated peas and broccoli, so he never planted them. He liked zucchini and spinach, but he didn't have any of those plants to plant. One day Tom got a call on his phone. He picked it up and asked who it was. The voice on the other end of the line said, "It's me, Rachel." Tom was so surprised he almost dropped the phone. He said, "Rachel, is it really you? I can't believe it." Rachel said that she had been thinking about Tom and she wanted to make up for their fight. Tom was so happy. They were going to meet the next weekend. Even before he hung up, Tom could imagine himself hugging his daughter. He sat down and thought about everything he wanted to say to her.
In the Pre-Modern era, many people's sense of self and purpose was often expressed via a faith in some form of deity, be that in a single God or in many gods. Pre-modern cultures have not been thought of creating a sense of distinct individuality, though. Religious officials, who often held positions of power, were the spiritual intermediaries to the common person. It was only through these intermediaries that the general masses had access to the divine. Tradition was sacred to ancient cultures and was unchanging and the social order of ceremony and morals in a culture could be strictly enforced.   The term "modern" was coined in the 16th century to indicate present or recent times (ultimately derived from the Latin adverb modo, meaning "just now). The European Renaissance (about 1420–1630), which marked the transition between the Late Middle Ages and Early Modern times, started in Italy and was spurred in part by the rediscovery of classical art and literature, as well as the new perspectives gained from the Age of Discovery and the invention of the telescope and microscope, expanding the borders of thought and knowledge.
Tracy Morgan remained in critical condition Sunday but appeared to show signs of improvement after a car wreck a day earlier that killed another passenger, the comedian's publicist said.   "He has been more responsive today, which is an incredibly encouraging sign," Lewis Kay said.   Morgan's limo van was hit by a tractor-trailer on the New Jersey Turnpike at about 1 a.m. Saturday, according to Sgt. Gregory Williams of New Jersey State Police.   Morgan suffered several injuries, including broken ribs, a broken nose, a broken leg and a broken femur. He underwent surgery on his leg on Sunday, Kay said, noting any road to recovery would be a long one.   "We expect him to remain in the hospital for several weeks," he said.   The chain-reaction wreck killed Morgan's fellow passenger, comedian James McNair, who performed under the name Jimmy Mack, and injured several others, according to officials.   The truck driver charged in the crash has turned himself in, police said Sunday.   Kevin Roper, 35, posted a $50,000 bail Saturday night, according to James O'Neill, spokesman for the Middlesex, New Jersey, district attorney's office.   Comedians Ardie Fuqua and Harris Stanton were among the injured, as was Jeffrey Millea, Williams said. One person was released Saturday, but Robert Wood Johnson University Hospital in New Jersey wouldn't disclose that person's name.   Two others remained in critical condition Sunday, hospital spokeswoman Zenaida Mendez said.   CNN reached Fuqua's agent on Sunday, but he had no comment.   Walmart employee charged   Roper is charged with one count of death by auto and four counts of assault by auto after the tractor-trailer he was driving crashed into the limo bus, a statement from Middlesex County Prosecutor's Office said. 
Rosa Brooks says "keep calm and shut the bleep up."   The witty Foreign Policy writer is sick of what she calls "self-indulgent vicarious trauma" following the blasts at the marathon finish line in Boston last week, which killed three people, injured more than 100 and set off a manhunt that left an MIT cop dead.   "You don't need to keep changing your Facebook status to let us all know that you're still extremely shocked and sad about the Boston bombing," she wrote last week. "Let's just stipulate that everyone is shocked and sad, except the perpetrators and some other scattered sociopaths."   CNN iReport: Run for Boston   Part of me loves her piece. It's a worthy critique of the faux-concern and needless commercialism that can grow out of tragedy. But I think Brooks is selling people short by writing that "there just isn't much most ordinary people should do in immediate response to events such as the Boston bombings."   There's plenty to do, as runners have shown in the week since the bombing. Within hours of the blasts, people all over the world were lacing up their running shoes and going outside to run. It's a simple, selfish act. Some did it to clear their heads. Others to process what had just happened to fellow runners and those cheering them on. I did it because I felt like I just needed to do something. And I feel all the more compelled to keep training because of inspirational stories like those of Adrianne Haslet-Davis, a dance instructor who lost her foot in the bombing but vows to dance and run again. 
If you had billions of dollars,would you give away almost all of it to charity ?Well that's what Mark Zuckerberg,CEO and founder of Facebook,just said he would do.Zuckerberg and his wife Priscilla Chan promised to give 99 percent of their money to society.Right now that is about $45 billion(289 billion yuan),and they plan to give away the money to things like science and education. Many billionaires have done similar things,for example,Bill Gates.But giving back and helping others isn't just for big billionaires.People like Zuckerberg and Gates may have more to give,but people with less are doing it too.Especially around the holidays,people want to do their part and give back to people who are less lucky than them.Schools may have food collections where people bring some food and together they can give away some other things to places like homeless centers. People also host special events like concerts or runs to be creative while raising money.Common people give away whatever they can to US charities like the United Way and the American Red Cross. Then these charities are able to help the poor in different ways like education,health and improving their lives.These things come together to make a big difference.
ISIS, as the Islamic State jihadists in Iraq and Syria are known, has become the new face of international terrorism in the eyes of the United States and its Western allies.   Now the focus in America and abroad has become what will President Barack Obama and other leaders do about it?   Here are key questions on the matter:   1) Who killed James Foley?   Britain's ambassador to the United States, Peter Westmacott, told CNN on Sunday that British officials were close to identifying the ISIS militant who beheaded Foley, an American journalist captured in Syria in 2012.   He couldn't elaborate on the identity of the killer, who is seen decapitating Foley in a video posted last week on YouTube.   "We're putting a great deal into the search," he said, referring to the use of sophisticated technology to analyze the man's voice.   In the video, Foley, 40, is seen kneeling next to a man dressed in black, who speaks with what experts say is a distinctly English accent.   Linguists said that based on his voice, the man sounds to be younger than 30. He also appears to have been educated in England from a young age and to be from southern England or London.   Britain close to identifying James Foley's killer, ambassador says   2) Will the United States expand air strikes to ISIS targets in Syria?   Pressure is increasing on Obama to go after ISIS in both Iraq and Syria, ignoring an essentially non-existent border between them.   Last week, Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel and Joint Chiefs Chairman Gen. Martin Dempsey said that taking on ISIS in Syria was the only way to defeat the Sunni jihadists. 
Jonathan Winters, the wildly inventive actor and comedian who appeared in such films as "It's a Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad World" and "The Loved One" and played Robin Williams' son on the TV show "Mork & Mindy," has died. He was 87.   Winters died Thursday evening of natural causes at his home in Montecito, California, according to business associate Joe Petro III.   Winters was known for his comic irreverence, switching characters the way other people flick on light switches. His routines were full of non sequiturs and surreal jokes. Williams, in particular, often credited him as a great influence.   "First he was my idol, then he was my mentor and amazing friend," tweeted Williams. "I'll miss him huge. He was my Comedy Buddha. Long live the Buddha."   Winters, who was widely admired by comedians in general, was awarded the Mark Twain Prize -- which goes to outstanding humorists -- in 1999.   "Genius" was a common touchstone as comedians reacted to Winters' death.   "R.I.P Jonathan Winters," tweeted comedian and filmmaker Albert Brooks. "Beyond funny, he invented a new category of comedic genius."   "Had a great run. Actual genius," tweeted Kevin Pollak.   "A genius and the greatest improvisational comedian of all time," tweeted Richard Lewis.   Gottfried: Jonathan Winters was mad brilliant   Though he never had a breakout starring role, over the years his appearances on TV shows made him a beloved figure in the entertainment world. He was a favorite guest on "The Tonight Show" -- particularly in the early '60s when Jack Paar hosted it -- and turned up on the game show "The Hollywood Squares," Dean Martin's celebrity roasts and countless variety shows. 
Robert Todd Duncan was born in 1903 in the southern city of Danville,Kentucky. His mother was his first music teacher. As a young man,he continued his music study in Indianapolis,Indiana.   In 1930,he completed more musical education at Columbia University in New York City. Then he moved to Washington. For fifteen years, he taught music at Howard University in Washington. At that time, not many black musicians were known for writing or performing classical music. Teaching at Howard gave Duncan the chance to share his knowledge of classical European music with a mainly black student population. He taught special ways to present the music.These special ways became known as the Duncan Technique.   Besides teaching,Duncan sang in several operas with performers who were all black. But it seemed that he always would be known mainly as a concert artist. However,his life took a different turn in the middle 1930s. At that time, the famous American music writer George Gershwin was looking for someone to play a leading part in his new work Porgy and Bess. The music critic of the New York Times newspaper suggested Todd Duncan. Duncan had almost decided not to try for the part as he knew it would not be easy to get it. But he changed his mind. He sang a piece from an Italian opera for Gershwin. He had sung only a few minutes when Gershwin offered him the part. He became famous because of the part in Porgy and Bess.   Todd Duncan gained fame as an opera singer and concert artist. But his greatest love in music was teaching. When he stopped teaching at Howard,he continued giving singing lessons in his Washington home until the week before his death.
Existentialism () is the work associated mainly with certain late-19th- and 20th-century European philosophers who, despite profound doctrinal differences, shared the belief that philosophical thinking begins with the human subject—not merely the thinking subject, but the acting, feeling, living human individual. While the predominant value of existentialist thought is commonly acknowledged to be freedom, its primary virtue is authenticity. In the view of the existentialist, the individual's starting point is characterized by what has been called "the existential attitude", or a sense of disorientation, confusion, or dread in the face of an apparently meaningless or absurd world. Many existentialists have also regarded traditional systematic or academic philosophies, in both style and content, as too abstract and remote from concrete human experience.   Søren Kierkegaard is generally considered to have been the first existentialist philosopher, though he did not use the term existentialism. He proposed that each individual—not society or religion—is solely responsible for giving meaning to life and living it passionately and sincerely, or "authentically". Existentialism became popular in the years following World War II, and strongly influenced many disciplines besides philosophy, including theology, drama, art, literature, and psychology.   The term is often seen as a historical convenience as it was first applied to many philosophers in hindsight, long after they had died. In fact, while existentialism is generally considered to have originated with Kierkegaard, the first prominent existentialist philosopher to adopt the term as a self-description was Jean-Paul Sartre. Sartre posits the idea that "what all existentialists have in common is the fundamental doctrine that existence precedes essence", as scholar Frederick Copleston explains. According to philosopher Steven Crowell, defining existentialism has been relatively difficult, and he argues that it is better understood as a general approach used to reject certain systematic philosophies rather than as a systematic philosophy itself. Sartre himself, in a lecture delivered in 1945, described existentialism as "the attempt to draw all the consequences from a position of consistent atheism".
Book 1 : Brack Obama   Grades: 3-5   Our Price: $ 8.95   His mother came from Kansas. His father came from Kenya. He grew up in Hawaii and Indonesia, far from the center of American politics. Few people had even heard of Brack Obama before 2004. But one powerful speech in Boston changed all that for the Illinois senator . In 2008, this inspiring leader ran for the country's top job, President.   Book 2: Danica Patrick   Grades: 3-5   Our Price: $ 8.95   Growing up, Danica Patrick dreamed of racing in the Indianapolis 500. In 2005, her dream came true. Danica finished the race in fourth place, the best ever result by a woman. Three years later, she became the first female to win an IndyCar race. As a woman competing in a sport dominated by men, Danica faced many obstacles. But she never stopped believing in herself, no matter what the difficulties.   Book 3: Ellen Ochoa   Grades: 3-5   Our Price: $ 8.95   Some people dream of becoming stars. Ellen Ochoa dreamed of living among them! She worked hard to make her dream of becoming an astronaut come true. On April 8, 1993, she strapped herself in for the ride of her life aboard the space shuttle Discovery. Ochoa aimed high and ly went where no Hispanic woman had gone before. Find out about Ochoa's amazing journey in her own words and photos from her personal collection!   Book 4: LeBron James   Grades: 3-5   Our Price: $ 8.95   Fans, teammates, and opponents know him as King James. Many people consider LeBron James to be the most talented basketball Player of his generation. But there is much more to his story. He overcame hard times as a kid and rose to national fame as a teenager. He then jumped right from high school to the pros. Along the way, LeBron never lost sight of where he came from or who he is.
After months of bloodshed, intrigue and revenge that made Yemen seem like an Arabian version of Hamlet, President Ali Abdullah Saleh has finally transferred his powers to his vice president, and elections are to be held in three months.   At the ceremony in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, to seal the transition deal worked out by the Gulf Cooperation Council, Saleh seemed relaxed and even chuckled as he signed several copies of the agreement, the result of intense diplomatic shuttling by U.N. envoy Jamal bin Omar and growing pressure from the international community.   But Saleh also took a parting shot at his opponents, saying they had destroyed in months everything that had been built over years.   April Longley Alley, Yemen analyst at the International Crisis Group, says the Riyadh deal offers an "opportunity to move past the current political impasse and to deal with critical issues like deteriorating economic and humanitarian conditions as well as the very difficult task of institutional reform."   Even so, Longley Alley and other analysts expect the epilogue to be anything but predictable. There are plenty of competing elements left behind: the thousands of mainly young demonstrators who took to the streets of Sanaa and other cities in January to demand democratic change, the tribal alliance that took up arms against Saleh, secessionists in the south and a Shiite rebellion in the north, well-organized Islamist groups and a budding al Qaeda franchise.   Perhaps the most powerful figure in Yemen now is Brig. Gen. Ali Mohsen al-Ahmar, commander of the 1st Armored Division. He defected in March and took a chunk of the army with him. His units now control northern districts of the capital and are facing off against powerful remnants of the Saleh clan. The president's son, Ahmed Ali Abdullah Saleh, long groomed to be his successor, and his nephew, Yahya Muhammad Saleh, command the most effective units. 
Relatively insensitive film, with a correspondingly lower speed index, requires more exposure to light to produce the same image density as a more sensitive film, and is thus commonly termed a slow film. Highly sensitive films are correspondingly termed fast films. In both digital and film photography, the reduction of exposure corresponding to use of higher sensitivities generally leads to reduced image quality (via coarser film grain or higher image noise of other types). In short, the higher the sensitivity, the grainier the image will be. Ultimately sensitivity is limited by the quantum efficiency of the film or sensor.   The Warnerke Standard Sensitometer consisted of a frame holding an opaque screen with an array of typically 25 numbered, gradually pigmented squares brought into contact with the photographic plate during a timed test exposure under a phosphorescent tablet excited before by the light of a burning Magnesium ribbon. The speed of the emulsion was then expressed in 'degrees' Warnerke (sometimes seen as Warn. or °W.) corresponding with the last number visible on the exposed plate after development and fixation. Each number represented an increase of 1/3 in speed, typical plate speeds were between 10° and 25° Warnerke at the time.
After ruling the tennis world for almost five years, Roger Federer is adjusting to life at NO.2. But, like any king whose throne has been taken away, the Swiss star is already planning secretly his return to power, beginning at this week's US Open. The problem is, many experts think he will never do it. They blame everything from age and tough competition to his racket and psychology. For years Federer, 27, had enjoyed the view from the top. Competitors saw him as undefeated, and for the most part he was. However, before the 2008 season began, Federer had an illness that stole his strength and clearly affected his play on the court. Ever since, he has struggled to return to form, winning just two of his last 14 tournaments. "Twenty-seven is an age when _ ." tennis great John McEnroe told the New York Times. Pancho Sefura, another tennis great, noted that Federer is also facing a maturing crop of young talents. "There are too many great players now," he said, naming Britain's Andy Murray, 21, and Latvia's Ernests Gulbis, 20. US magazine Sports Illustrated tennis columnist Jon Wertheim suggested that part of Federer's problem could be his insistence on using a small racket. He says that the smaller head demands ball control. But we see time and again that racket makers try to get players to use a certain stick -- one they would like to market to consumers and it has a negative effect the professional game. Sports psychologist Jim Loehr told the Times that Federer is probably feeling "a sense of doubt" after being considered as undefeated for so long. If Federer is to recover his state of being undefeated, Loehr said he must overcome his doubt. "Federer doesn't need fame and money. But he has to get better. He has to go to a whole new level. That's the only way he stays in the game," he said. As for beginning his first Grand Slam in ages as the NO.2 seed, Federer said it might be for the best. "Five years almost, I was expected to win every tournament I entered," he said, "so maybe Rafael Nadal now feels what I had to feel for a very long time. It will be interesting to see how he handles it."
The Marshall Islands, officially the Republic of the Marshall Islands (Marshallese: Aolepān Aorōkin M̧ajeļ),[note 1] is an island country located near the equator in the Pacific Ocean, slightly west of the International Date Line. Geographically, the country is part of the larger island group of Micronesia. The country's population of 53,158 people (at the 2011 Census) is spread out over 29 coral atolls, comprising 1,156 individual islands and islets. The islands share maritime boundaries with the Federated States of Micronesia to the west, Wake Island to the north,[note 2] Kiribati to the south-east, and Nauru to the south. About 27,797 of the islanders (at the 2011 Census) live on Majuro, which contains the capital.   Micronesian colonists gradually settled the Marshall Islands during the 2nd millennium BC, with inter-island navigation made possible using traditional stick charts. Islands in the archipelago were first explored by Europeans in the 1520s, with Spanish explorer Alonso de Salazar sighting an atoll in August 1526. Other expeditions by Spanish and English ships followed. The islands derive their name from British explorer John Marshall, who visited in 1788. The islands were historically known by the inhabitants as "jolet jen Anij" (Gifts from God).
In phonetics, aspiration is the strong burst of breath that accompanies either the release or, in the case of preaspiration, the closure of some obstruents. In English, aspirated consonants are allophones in complementary distribution with their unaspirated counterparts, but in some other languages, notably most Indian and East Asian languages, the difference is contrastive.   To feel or see the difference between aspirated and unaspirated sounds, one can put a hand or a lit candle in front of one's mouth, and say pin [pʰɪn] and then spin [spɪn]. One should either feel a puff of air or see a flicker of the candle flame with pin that one does not get with spin. In most dialects of English, the initial consonant is aspirated in pin and unaspirated in spin.   In the International Phonetic Alphabet (IPA), aspirated consonants are written using the symbols for voiceless consonants followed by the aspiration modifier letter ⟨◌ʰ⟩, a superscript form of the symbol for the voiceless glottal fricative ⟨h⟩. For instance, ⟨p⟩ represents the voiceless bilabial stop, and ⟨pʰ⟩ represents the aspirated bilabial stop.
Equatorial Guinea, officially the Republic of Equatorial Guinea, is a country located in Central Africa, with an area of . Formerly the colony of Spanish Guinea, its post-independence name evokes its location near both the Equator and the Gulf of Guinea. Equatorial Guinea is the only sovereign African state in which Spanish is an official language. , the country had an estimated population of 1,222,245.   Equatorial Guinea consists of two parts, an insular and a mainland region. The insular region consists of the islands of Bioko (formerly "Fernando Pó") in the Gulf of Guinea and Annobón, a small volcanic island south of the equator. Bioko Island is the northernmost part of Equatorial Guinea and is the site of the country's capital, Malabo. The island nation of São Tomé and Príncipe is located between Bioko and Annobón. The mainland region, Río Muni, is bordered by Cameroon on the north and Gabon on the south and east. It is the location of Bata, Equatorial Guinea's largest city, and Oyala, the country's planned future capital. Rio Muni also includes several small offshore islands, such as Corisco, Elobey Grande, and Elobey Chico. The country is a member of the African Union, Francophonie, OPEC and the CPLP.
Martin Luther (/ˈluːθər/ or /ˈluːðər/; German: [ˈmaɐ̯tiːn ˈlʊtɐ] ( listen); 10 November 1483 – 18 February 1546) was a German professor of theology, composer, priest, former monk and a seminal figure in the Protestant Reformation. Luther came to reject several teachings and practices of the Late Medieval Catholic Church. He strongly disputed the claim that freedom from God's punishment for sin could be purchased with money. He proposed an academic discussion of the power and usefulness of indulgences in his Ninety-Five Theses of 1517. His refusal to retract all of his writings at the demand of Pope Leo X in 1520 and the Holy Roman Emperor Charles V at the Diet of Worms in 1521 resulted in his excommunication by the Pope and condemnation as an outlaw by the Emperor.   Luther taught that salvation and subsequently eternal life is not earned by good deeds but is received only as a free gift of God's grace through faith in Jesus Christ as redeemer from sin. His theology challenged the authority and office of the Pope by teaching that the Bible is the only source of divinely revealed knowledge from God and opposed sacerdotalism by considering all baptized Christians to be a holy priesthood. Those who identify with these, and all of Luther's wider teachings, are called Lutherans even though Luther insisted on Christian or Evangelical as the only acceptable names for individuals who professed Christ.
Early Christianity is the period of Christianity preceding the First Council of Nicaea in 325. It is typically divided into the Apostolic Age and the Ante-Nicene Period (from the Apostolic Age until Nicea).   The first Christians, as described in the first chapters of the Acts of the Apostles, were all Jews either by birth or conversion, for which the biblical term "proselyte" is used, and referred to by historians as Jewish Christians. The early Gospel message was spread orally, probably in Aramaic, but almost immediately also in Greek. The New Testament's Acts of the Apostles and Epistle to the Galatians record that the first Christian community was centered in Jerusalem and its leaders included Saint Peter, James, the brother of Jesus, and John the Apostle.   After the conversion of Paul the Apostle, he claimed the title of "Apostle to the Gentiles". Paul's influence on Christian thinking is said to be more significant than that of any other New Testament author. By the end of the 1st century, Christianity began to be recognized internally and externally as a separate religion from Judaism which itself was refined and developed further in the centuries after the destruction of the Second Temple.   Numerous quotations in the New Testament and other Christian writings of the first centuries, indicate that early Christians generally used and revered the Hebrew Bible (the Tanakh) as religious text, mostly in the Greek (Septuagint) or Aramaic (Targum) translations.
A lot of the time celebrities have a team of people telling them what to wear for every different occasion. However, a naturally style savvy celebrity is not unheard of.   Kate Moss   Rising to fame in the mid-1990s, Kate Moss is one of the biggest supermodels ever and a fashion veteran . According to Forbes magazine, Moss has since earned more money than ever before.   Emma Watson   Born in 1990,well-known for starring in the Harry Potter films, Emma Watson is known for her beauty, and flawless style and grace on and off the red carpet. An advocate of eco-friendly fashion, Emma's worked with Italian designer Alberta Ferretti in 2011 on a collection of organic clothing featuring a series of environmentally friendly dresses.   Victoria Beckham   Well known for being real trendsetter , It's not _ that Victoria Beckham is among the list of style savvy celebrities . Indeed it was only a matter of time for her to start designing her own collection. The former Spice Girl had her own fashion brand, dvb, in 2007. Her designing works, ranging from clothes to fragrances , have been well received.   Justin Timberlake   A global music superstar, Justin Timberlake also earned the respect of fashion gurus --not only for being one of the most stylish celebrities but also for being a promising designer. Justin has managed to incorporate his sense of style into the clothing line, which is best known for its jeans.
The United States Capitol, often called the Capitol Building, is the home of the United States Congress, and the seat of the legislative branch of the U.S. federal government. It sits atop Capitol Hill at the eastern end of the National Mall in Washington, D.C. Though not at the geographic center of the Federal District, the Capitol forms the origin point for the District's street-numbering system and the District's four quadrants.   The original building was completed in 1800 and was subsequently expanded, particularly with the addition of the massive dome, and expanded chambers for the bicameral legislature, the House of Representatives in the south wing and the Senate in the north wing. Like the principal buildings of the executive and judicial branches, the Capitol is built in a distinctive neoclassical style and has a white exterior. Both its east and west elevations are formally referred to as "fronts", though only the east front was intended for the reception of visitors and dignitaries.   Prior to establishing the nation's capital in Washington, D.C., the United States Congress and its predecessors had met in Philadelphia (Independence Hall and Congress Hall), New York City (Federal Hall), and a number of other locations (York, Pennsylvania; Lancaster, Pennsylvania; Maryland State House in Annapolis, Maryland; and Nassau Hall in Princeton, New Jersey). In September 1774, the First Continental Congress brought together delegates from the colonies in Philadelphia, followed by the Second Continental Congress, which met from May 1775 to March 1781.
English is a West Germanic language that was first spoken in early medieval England and is now a global "lingua franca". Named after the Angles, one of the Germanic tribes that migrated to England, it ultimately derives its name from the Anglia (Angeln) peninsula in the Baltic Sea. It is closely related to the Frisian languages, but its vocabulary has been significantly influenced by other Germanic languages, particularly Norse (a North Germanic language), as well as by Latin and Romance languages, particularly French.   English has developed over the course of more than 1,400 years. The earliest forms of English, a set of Anglo-Frisian dialects brought to Great Britain by Anglo-Saxon settlers in the 5th century, are called Old English. Middle English began in the late 11th century with the Norman conquest of England, and was a period in which the language was influenced by French. Early Modern English began in the late 15th century with the introduction of the printing press to London and the King James Bible, and the start of the Great Vowel Shift. Through the worldwide influence of the British Empire, modern English spread around the world from the 17th to mid-20th centuries. Through all types of printed and electronic media, as well as the emergence of the United States as a global superpower, English has become the leading language of international discourse and the "lingua franca" in many regions and in professional contexts such as science, navigation and law.
The main reason people come to America is said to be that they can chase the American Dream. Everyone has heard of it, and many have died fighting for it. The only thing is that there is no clear definition of the American Dream. It is not defined by one dream, but by all the opportunities that the United States offers. Since the founding of the United States, people have been _ to define the American Dream.   In the playDeath of a Salesman, every character is trying to realize his own version of the American Dream. Willy feels that he has done so. He has spent his whole life as a not very successful salesman. As he gets older, he starts having conflicts with everyone in his life, and feels that only by killing himself will the people around him be able to finally be happy.   Bernard, on the other hand, feels that the American Dream can only be achieved through career success. He shows that through hard work and dedication he will be crowned with success.   The dialogue of the characters reveals the different attitudes they have toward the American Dream, and the reaction of Willy to the fact that Bernard is very successful while he is not.   Many people try to achieve the American Dream, but few actually do so. As with any goal, it takes hard work and dedication to achieve the American Dream. InDeath of a Salesman, all aspects of this goal are examined. For the goal to be achieved, the dream must be an attainable one which is worth working toward. It also must be a dream that the professional world accepts and finds useful.
In different year, the race for attorney general in Pennsylvania might have been just a footnote to the presidential election.   But more people in the Keystone State voted Tuesday for Kathleen Kane to be their attorney general than voted for Barack Obama to be their president. And much of that may be attributed to the furor over the Jerry Sandusky child sex case.   She beat the Republican challenger, David Freed, by almost 15 points, and the overwhelming support makes her the first woman and the first Democrat elected to the job in Pennsylvania.   What may have pushed Kane over the top was her strong stance on the Sandusky scandal. She promised to look back to November 2008, when the first victim came forward, and carry out an independent review into why Sandusky was not charged until three years later.   "We need an independent investigator to look at what happened," Kane told CNN. "Over 3 million people feel that I am that independent investigator."   Her promise means she'll be taking on the state's sitting governor, Tom Corbett. And her review into the Sandusky case investigation will delve into the years that Corbett was the attorney general. He launched the Sandusky investigation before he ran for governor.   Despite some criticism, Corbett has denied that politics had anything to do with investigative decisions. Instead, he accused Democrats of politicizing the case when two leading state Democratic lawmakers wrote a three-page letter asking U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder to look into how the Sandusky investigation unfolded. Holder's office says the letter is under review. 
A man got fired from his job. He was in such a bad mood after. He walked out the door with his gum and gloves. He got madder and madder. A mailman walking by asked him how his day had been. He pushed the mailman who fell on a teacher. A nearby baby started crying. The man then felt bad and apologized. He knew the only thing that could make him happy would be pancakes. He went to a pancake restaurant and ordered a stack of pancakes. He ate the pancakes he had put syrup on and helped a worker sweep the floor. He had forgotten all about the firing from his other job. The worker was so surprised with how helpful the man was he told his boss. The boss talked to the man and asked if he'd like a job there. The man was so happy that his day had made such a turn around! He took the job and became head pancake maker.
Three Pakistani paramilitary soldiers were killed this week in a cross-border firefight between Pakistan and India, officials said Thursday.   The soldiers were moving from one post to another along the border when they came under fire by Indian forces, said Maj. Gen. Athar Abbas, Pakistan army spokesman.   Since a cease-fire is in effect, the firing by Indian forces was unprovoked, Abbas said. But Pakistani forces retaliated after the shots were fired, he said.   It was unclear whether the incident took place late Tuesday or Wednesday, as Pakistani and Indian officials provided different times.   Lt. Col. J.S. Brar, Indian defense spokesman for the disputed Kashmir region, said there were two violations of the cease-fire on the Line of Control, the de facto border between Indian- and Pakistan-administered Kashmir. In the first, fighting continued for about an hour, he said. A second violation took place Thursday morning, he said, and one Indian soldier was injured. Brar said he could not comment on Pakistani casualties.   Pakistani officials said severe weather conditions in Kashmir, a Himalayan region, hampered removal of the soldiers' bodies. Pakistan has asked the Indian local commanding authority for a full report on the incident.   India and Pakistan have have fought three wars since the partition of the Asian subcontinent in 1947. Two of them were over Kashmir, which is claimed by both nuclear powers.   On August 20, an Indian army officer and five militants were killed in clashes along the Line of Control. India has accused Pakistan of aiding infiltration into Indian Kashmir, which has battled separatist violence for more than two decades. Islamabad has denied the accusations. More than 40,000 have died in the violence, officials say. 
Bringing a giraffe into the world is a tall order. A baby giraffe is born 10 feet high and usually lands on its back. Within seconds it rolls over its legs under its body. Then the mother giraffe rudely introduces its children to the reality of life. In his book, A View from the Zoo, Gary Richmond describes how a new-born giraffe learns its first lesson. The mother giraffe lowers her head long enough to take a quick look. Then she puts herself directly over her child. She waits for about a minute, and then she does the most unreasonable thing. She throws her long leg and kicks her baby, so that it's sent sprawling . When it doesn't get up, the process is repeated again and again. The struggle to rise is important. As the baby giraffe grows tired, the mother kicks it again. Finally, it stands for the first time on its shaky legs. Then the mother giraffe kicks it off its feet again. Why? She wants it to remember how it got up. In the wild, a baby giraffe must be able to get up as quickly as possible to stay with its group, where there's safety. Another writer named Irving Stone understood this. He spent a lifetime studying greatness, writing stories about such men as Michelangelo, Vincent van Gogh, Sigmund Freud, and Charles Darwin. Stone was once asked if he had found something that runs through the lives of all these great people. He said, "I write about people who sometime in their life have a dream of something. They're beaten over the head, knocked down and for years they get nowhere. But every time they stand up again. And at the end of their lives they've realized some small parts of what they set out to do ."
At a day care center in Taxes, children were playing outside. One of the children was Jessica McClure. She was 18 months old. Jessica's mother, who worked at the day care center, was watching the children. Suddenly Jessica fell and disappeared. Jessica's mother cried and ran to her. A well was in the yard of the center. The well was only eight inches across, and a rock always covered it. But children had moved the rock. When Jessica fell, and she fell right into the well. Jessica's mother reached inside the well, but she couldn't feel Jessica. She ran to the phone and called 911 for help. Men from the fire apartment arrived. They discovered that Jessica was about 20 feet down in the well. For the next hour, the men talked and planned Jessica's rescue . Then they told Jessica's parents their plan. "We can't go into the well. " they said "It's too narrow. So, we're going to drill a hole next to the well. Then we 'll drill a tunnel across Jessica. Then we'll bring her up through the hole. " The man began to drill the hole on a Wednesday morning. "We'll reach Jessica in a few hours ", they thought. The men were wrong. They had to drill through the solid rock. Two days later, on Friday morning, they were still drilling,. And Jessica McClure was still in the well. During her days in the well, Jessica sometimes called her mother. Sometimes she slept, sometimes she cried, and sometimes she sang. All over the world people waited for the news of Jessica. They read about her in the newspapers and watched her rescue on TV. Everyone worried about the little girl in the well. At 8 P. M. on Friday, the men finally reached Jessica and brought her up from the well. Jessica was dirty, hungry, thirsty and tired. Her foot and forehead was badly injured. But Jessica was alive. A doctor at the hospital said, "Jessica was lucky she was young. She's not going to remember this very well. " Maybe Jessica will not remember her days in the well. But her parents, her rescuers, ans many other people around the world will not forget them. After Jessica's rescue, one of the rescuers made a metal cover for the well. On the cover he wrote, "To Jessica, with love from all of us. "
Set theory is a branch of mathematical logic that studies sets, which informally are collections of objects. Although any type of object can be collected into a set, set theory is applied most often to objects that are relevant to mathematics. The language of set theory can be used in the definitions of nearly all mathematical objects.   The modern study of set theory was initiated by Georg Cantor and Richard Dedekind in the 1870s. After the discovery of paradoxes in naive set theory, such as the Russell's paradox, numerous axiom systems were proposed in the early twentieth century, of which the Zermelo–Fraenkel axioms, with or without the axiom of choice, are the best-known.   Set theory is commonly employed as a foundational system for mathematics, particularly in the form of Zermelo–Fraenkel set theory with the axiom of choice. Beyond its foundational role, set theory is a branch of mathematics in its own right, with an active research community. Contemporary research into set theory includes a diverse collection of topics, ranging from the structure of the real number line to the study of the consistency of large cardinals.   Mathematical topics typically emerge and evolve through interactions among many researchers. Set theory, however, was founded by a single paper in 1874 by Georg Cantor: "On a Property of the Collection of All Real Algebraic Numbers".
Tom was a farmer. He worked on the farm all day,but sometimes he went to the town market to sell fruit and vegetables. One day, a terrible sound attracted his attention in the town market. He saw a young bull for sale. The bull was white and yellow. It was looking at Tom in fear. Tom walked up and touched its head gently. Just at that time they both seemed to have known each other for a long time. How amazing!Tom bought it at once and called it Amba. From then on , Tom and Amba got on well with each other. But some friends told him that it was dangerous to have such a close relationship with an animal. One afternoon , Tom was walking through the forest with Amba. Suddenly , Amba stopped walking and kept pushing Tom with its head. Tom was very surprised and looked around. There was a big snake in front of him. It was beautiful but poisonous. Quickly Amba stepped on the snake's tail with its foot and at the same time Tom picked up a stick and hit the snake's head heavily. Soon the snake . died. Tom was very grateful for Amba's help. When people heard this, they were shocked at the bull's expression of love for Tom. But for Tom, Amba was not a bull but a member of his family.
The history of India includes the prehistoric settlements and societies in the Indian subcontinent; the blending of the Indus Valley Civilization and Indo-Aryan culture into the Vedic Civilization; the development of Hinduism as a synthesis of various Indian cultures and traditions; the rise of the Śramaṇa movement; the decline of Śrauta sacrifices and the birth of the initiatory traditions of Jainism, Buddhism, Shaivism, Vaishnavism and Shaktism; the onset of a succession of powerful dynasties and empires for more than two millennia throughout various geographic areas of the subcontinent, including the growth of Muslim dynasties during the Medieval period intertwined with Hindu powers; the advent of European traders resulting in the establishment of the British rule; and the subsequent independence movement that led to the Partition of India and the creation of the Republic of India.   Evidence of Anatomically modern humans in the Indian subcontinent is recorded as long as 75,000 years ago, or with earlier hominids including Homo erectus from about 500,000 years ago. The Indus Valley Civilization which spread and flourished in the northwestern part of the Indian subcontinent from c. 3200 to 1300 BCE, was the first major civilization in South Asia. A sophisticated and technologically advanced urban culture developed in the Mature Harappan period, from 2600 to 1900 BCE. This civilization collapsed at the start of the second millennium BCE and was later followed by the Iron Age Vedic Civilization, which extended over much of the Indo-Gangetic plain and which witnessed the rise of major polities known as the Mahajanapadas. In one of these kingdoms, Magadha, Mahavira and Gautama Buddha propagated their Shramanic philosophies during the fifth and sixth century BCE.
Meet Dr. Gorbee Logan, the county health director for Bomi County in Liberia.   You have now met half the medical team in Bomi County.   There are two doctors in the entire county. I don't mean two doctors to treat Ebola patients but two doctors, period.   Two doctors to take care of Ebola patients, plus the 100 patients in their general hospital, plus the rest of the county. That's two doctors for about 85,000 people.   Logan doesn't complain, even though he's been working around the clock since June, when the first Ebola case appeared in this agricultural county.   He would, however, like an actual Ebola treatment center. He's been taking care of patients in a holding facility, which has only 12 beds. Sometimes they have nearly double that number, and patients overflow onto mattresses on the floor.   He can't send these patients to real Ebola treatment centers because they're all full.   Ebola outbreak: How to help   Logan has been begging the federal government for more than a month for an official Ebola treatment unit, one with more beds and a quarantine area for people who've come in close contact with Ebola patients but aren't sick.   My team and I -- senior producer John Bonifield, senior photographer Orlando Ruiz and our coordinator, Liberian journalist Orlind Cooper -- saw firsthand Tuesday night just how much he needs a real hospital.   About 7 p.m., an ambulance arrived at Logan's facility in Tubmanburg with five people who, the day before, had washed the bodies of a mother and daughter who had died of Ebola. 
Edda, a Little Valkyrie's First Day of School   Written and illustrated by Adam Auerbach.   32 pp. Christy Ottaviano/Holt. $15.50.   Edda's home is in Asgard, "a land full of magic and adventure." But Edda, the littlest Valkyrie, doesn't have quite enough to do, until her father flies her "all the way to Earth for the first day of school."   The contrast between home and school is hard to get used to (in one, she can ride reindeer; in the other she gazes guinea pig through glass at the classroom). In his first picture book, Auerbach mixes the two worlds perfectly. Children are likely to appreciate the joke.   Planet Kindergarten   By Sue Ganz-Schmitt. Illustrated by Shane Prigmore.   32 pp. Chronicle. $14.99.   After careful preparations and a successful blastoff, a boy finds himself in a very unfamiliar environment. "We're aliens from many galaxies on Planet Kindergarten," he reflects as he sees his very varied classmates for the first time.   Prigmore, who designs for the movie industry, uses black backgrounds and bright colors to give this space adventure visual excitement and humor.   The Smallest Girl in the Smallest Grade   By Justin Roberts. Illustrated by Christian Robinson.   42 pp. Putnam. $18.99.   It makes sense that the author of the long, rhyming lines in "The Smallest Girl in the Smallest Grade" is a children's music performer. The story is about the power of one small person to fight prejudice.   Sally, whom no one ever seems to notice, is "paying super extra special attention" to the "terrible stuff" happening around her. When she decides to take action, she's not alone for long.   And Two Boys Booed   By Judith Viorst.   32 pp. Margaret Ferguson/Farrar, Straus & Giroux. $16.59.   Ever felt quietly confident one minute, and a shaking mess the next? In Viorst's story about determination, a little boy wakes up thinking about singing his song in the class talent show.
Several Jamaican sprinters were banned for doping earlier this year and now a footballer from the Caribbean nation has been suspended.   Jermaine Hue, a creative midfielder who has made more than 40 appearances for the national team, received a nine-month suspension after he tested positive for dexamethasone.   But a stiffer penalty was given to the team doctor, Carlton Fraser. He was hit with a four-year punishment after "having administered" the corticosteroid, FIFA said in a statement on its website.   The two were provisionally banned in August after Hue tested positive following Jamaica's World Cup qualifier at Honduras in June.   Hue, 35, has spent most of his career with Jamaica's Harbour View but had brief stints with the Kansas City Wizards of the MLS and Sweden's Mjallby.   According to a report in the Jamaica Observer in August, Fraser was a personal friend of the late Bob Marley and also treated the reggae great.   The sanctions are a further blow to the 'Reggae Boyz' -- they sit last in their qualifying group with only two matches remaining.   Former world-record holder in the 100 meters, Asafa Powell, and Sherone Simpson admitted to testing positive for banned substances in July, a month after double 200-meter Olympic gold medalist Veronica Campbell-Brown received a provisional ban.   
There once was a spider name Thomas. Thomas lived in North Carolina. Thomas was traveling to see his grandmother. His grandmother did not live in North Carolina. She lived in Georgia. Georgia was far from Thomas's house, so he had to take a train. He bought a ticket for the train ride. The ticket was five dollars. Before he got on the train, Thomas the spider packed his bag. He packed his blanket, two shirts, and two pairs of pants. He did not pack any books or toys. His grandmother had toys for him to play with. She also had books for him to read. Thomas likes to read and play with toys. Thomas used the phone to call his grandmother to tell her he was coming to visit. She was very excited. Thomas took his bag and went to the train. At the train Thomas looked at the snacks. He wanted vanilla pudding. They did not have vanilla or chocolate, so Thomas got strawberry. He took his bag and strawberry pudding and got on the train.
BBC Television is a service of the British Broadcasting Corporation. The corporation, which has operated in the United Kingdom under the terms of a Royal charter since 1927, has produced television programmes from its own since 1932, although the start of its regular service of television broadcasts is dated to 2 November 1936.   The domestic TV BBC television channels are broadcast without any commercial advertising and collectively they account for more than 30% of all UK viewing. The services are funded by a television licence.   The BBC operates several television networks, television stations (although there is generally very little distinction between the two terms in the UK), and related programming services in the United Kingdom. As well as being a broadcaster, the corporation also produces a large number of its own programmes in-house, thereby ranking as one of the world's largest television production companies.   Baird Television Ltd. made Britain's first television broadcast, on 30 September 1929 from its studio in Long Acre, London, via the BBC's London transmitter, using the electromechanical system pioneered by John Logie Baird. This system used a vertically-scanned image of 30 lines – just enough resolution for a close-up of one person, and with a bandwidth low enough to use existing radio transmitters. Simultaneous transmission of sound and picture was achieved on 30 March 1930, by using the BBC's new twin transmitter at Brookmans Park. By late 1930, 30 minutes of morning programmes were broadcast Monday to Friday, and 30 minutes at midnight on Tuesdays and Fridays, after BBC radio went off the air. Baird broadcasts via the BBC continued until June 1932.
Rafael Nadal must get past big-serving home hope Andy Roddick to have a shot at his first title in 11 months at the Sony Ericsson Open in Miami.   The Spanish fourth seed crushed No. 8 Jo-Wilfried Tsonga of France 6-3 6-2 on Wednesday night to move into the semifinals of the ATP Tour event, which has already seen top-ranked Roger Federer, Novak Djokovic and Andy Murray fall by the wayside.   Sixth seed Roddick is hoping to repeat his 2004 victory, with the American in similarly dominant form as he dispatched Nadal's 33rd-seeded compatriot Nicolas Almagro 6-3 6-3.   Nadal, twice a losing finalist in the southern American city, also reached the last four at Indian Wells two weeks ago on his return from a knee injury.   "When you play against Andy, it always is a big challenge," he told the ATP Tour Web site.   "His serve, and he's a very good competitor. He's a winner. Gonna be a very tough match, no? I think I have to play my best tennis to try to win."   Roddick, who has not dropped a set so far, will take on a player who will return to No. 3 in the world rankings next week following defending champion Murray's second-round exit.   He reached the final at Indian Wells before losing to Nadal's conqueror Ivan Ljubicic, and was also a semifinalist in Miami in 2008.   "Sometimes when you're not playing well, everything feels a little bit forced. When you play a lot of matches and play a high level, it feels like everything kind of slows down a little bit," he told the ATP site. 
All antidepressant drugs are not created equal, according to the authors of one of the few studies that have ever systematically analyzed and compared "new generation" medicines for treating depression.   What qualities are important in an anti-depressant? Efficacy? Tolerance? Side effects? Cost?   In the analysis of 12 drugs, two came out on top as the most effective and best tolerated as first-line treatments: sertraline (Zoloft) and escitalopram (Lexapro). Venlafaxine (Effexor) and mirtazapine (Remeron) rounded out the top four for effectiveness, but venlafaxine was also among the four drugs patients were most likely to quit taking because of side effects. Reboxetine (Edronax) was less effective than the rest.   While psychiatrists treating depressed patients every day have had a sense of which medications are best, the current study "nails it," says Sagar V. Parikh, M.D., of the University of Toronto. Parikh, who wrote a comment accompanying the study that is published in the current issue of The Lancet, says the findings have "enormous implications" because, for the first time, they offer doctors an evidence-based, unbiased way to recommend treatment. And, he adds, they give patients a "gold standard of reliable information," especially since the study's authors plan to make their findings available free on the Web.   Not so fast, says Gerald Gartlehner, M.D., M.P.H., who coauthored a review of the benefits and risks of the same 12 drugs published last November in the Annals of Internal Medicine. He and his colleagues concluded, based on their review done while Gartlehner was at the RTI-UNC Evidence-Based Practice Center in Chapel Hill, North Carolina., that there was no clinically meaningful evidence that any one of the drugs was better than the rest. Instead, they argued, decisions on which drug to use should be based on factors such as cost and side effects. 
Sony Corporation is the electronics business unit and the parent company of the , which is engaged in business through its four operating components: electronics (AV, IT & communication products, semiconductors, video games, network services and medical business), motion pictures (movies and TV shows), music (record labels and music publishing) and financial services (banking and insurance). These make Sony one of the most comprehensive entertainment companies in the world. The group consists of Sony Corporation, Sony Pictures, Sony Mobile, Sony Interactive Entertainment, Sony Music, Sony Financial Holdings and others.   Sony is among the semiconductor sales leaders and as of 2016, the fifth-largest television manufacturer in the world after Samsung Electronics, LG Electronics, TCL and Hisense.   The company's current slogan is "BE MOVED". Their former slogans were "make.believe" (2009–2014), "like.no.other" (2005–2009), "The One and Only" (1980–1982) and "It's a Sony" (1982–2002).   Sony has a weak tie to the Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group (SMFG) keiretsu, the successor to the Mitsui keiretsu.   Sony began in the wake of World War II. In 1946, Masaru Ibuka started an electronics shop in a department store building in Tokyo. The company started with a capital of ¥190,000 and a total of eight employees. In May 1946, Ibuka was joined by Akio Morita to found a company called "Tokyo Tsushin Kogyo" 東京通信工業 (Tokyo Telecommunications Engineering Corporation). The company built Japan's first tape recorder, called the Type-G. In 1958, the company changed its name to "Sony".
Former U.S. Sen. Arlen Specter, who embodied a vanishing breed of liberal Republicanism before switching to the Democratic Party at the twilight of his political career, died Sunday after a long battle with cancer, his family announced.   Specter died of complications from non-Hodgkin's lymphoma at his home in Philadelphia, his family said. He was 82.   The veteran Pennsylvania politician had overcome numerous serious illnesses over the past two decades, including a brain tumor. He had been in the public eye since serving as a member of the Warren Commission, which investigated the assassination of President John F. Kennedy.   Specter was elected to the Senate in 1980 and represented Pennsylvania for 30 years, longer than anyone in the state's history. His politically moderate image fit hand-in-glove in the politically blue Northeast, both with its Democratic centrists and its liberal Republicans.   He was also one of America's most prominent Jewish politicians, a rare Republican in a category dominated by Democrats over the decades. And his name is synonymous with Pennsylvania, an idiosyncratic state that pushes and pulls between the two parties, and his home, the staunchly Democratic city of Philadelphia.   In 2006, Philadelphia magazine called him "one of the few true wild cards of Washington politics ... reviled by those on both the right and the left."   "Charming and churlish, brilliant and pedantic, he can be fiercely independent, entertainingly eccentric and simply maddening," the profile read.   Former Gov. Ed Rendell, a Democrat, called Specter "a mentor, colleague and a political institution" who "did more for the people of Pennsylvania over his more than 30-year career with the possible exception of Benjamin Franklin." And Pat Toomey, the Republican who now holds Specter's old Senate seat, praised him as "a man of sharp intelligence and dogged determination." 
Meagan and her friend Samantha, both students, lived together in Denver. On mornings when Samantha had class, Meagan would watch her 2-year-old daughter, Hannah. Also part of the household was Meagan's pet, Willie, a parrot -- a particularly intelligent and chatty breed. He picked up quite a healthy vocabulary ("Silly Willie"was a favorite saying) and became a great mimic -- of cats, dogs, chickens and humans. One day with Samantha at school, Hannah sat in front of morning cartoons while Meagan cooked Pop-Tarts in the kitchen. When the toaster spat out the food, Meagan placed it at the center of the kitchen table to cool. She glanced at Hannah and, confident the child was fully engaged in the TV, slipped out quickly to use the bathroom. "I was gone maybe 30 seconds,"Meagan recalls."And suddenly, I heard the bird going crazy and shouting."She heard two very distinct words from the parrot's mouth."Mama! Baby! Mama! Baby!"Meagan ran out of the bathroom to find Hannah in the kitchen, holding the partly eaten Pop-Tarts, out of breath, her face and lips a terrifying shade of blue. And Willie was still crying. "Hannah had climbed up on a chair and gotten the Pop-Tarts and she was clearly choking on them,"says Meagan."I seized her and immediately started doing first aid until the piece came flying out."The bird quieted down and Meagan burst into tears, relief washing over her; Hannah was fine, already smiling her big smile. When Meagan told Samantha what happened,"She was so grateful, thanking me for what I did,"Meagan says."But I said, 'Don't thank me! It was Willie who was the hero!'"
Jayson McCarthy, 12, was born without fingers on his left hand. That didn't stop him from being able to do many tasks. But Jayson could not grasp more than one object at a time. So Jayson 's father, Paul, created a Prosthesis , using a 3D printer. Now Jayson has fingers that open and close. "It was a do-it-yourself, father-and-son adventure," says Paul. When Jayson was a baby, his doctor advised his parents not to give him a prosthetic hand until he was in his early teens. "The doctor said Jayson should first learn to get full use out of the hand he was born with," says Paul. As Jayson got older, his father looked into _ a prosthetic hand, which can cost as much as $30,000. Paul found a more affordable solution. One day, Paul discovered a video on the Internet about Robohand, a prosthesis created with a 3D printer. He downloaded the free instructions and called Robohand's creators for advice. They told him all he needed was a 3D printer--which costs around $2,000--and some materials. Luckily, Jayson 's school had recently purchased a 3D printer and it offered to help Paul build the hand for Jayson n. "We used a soccer shinguard , cardboard , and tape. They cost about $10," says paul. With his new hand, Jayson can do things better. "I can help my mom more, because now I can carry two grocery bags," he says. Jayson 's father has already built several hands for Jayson. Jayson helps design each one. He says there's one thing in particular that he wants to do with a future prosthesis. "The goal," he says, "is to be able to tie my shoelaces ."
Carl Linnaeus (; 23 May 1707 – 10 January 1778), also known after his ennoblement as Carl von Linné (), was a Swedish botanist, physician, and zoologist, who formalised the modern system of naming organisms called binomial nomenclature. He is known by the epithet "father of modern taxonomy". Many of his writings were in Latin, and his name is rendered in Latin as (after 1761 Carolus a Linné).   Linnaeus was born in the countryside of Småland, in southern Sweden. He received most of his higher education at Uppsala University, and began giving lectures in botany there in 1730. He lived abroad between 1735 and 1738, where he studied and also published a first edition of his " in the Netherlands. He then returned to Sweden, where he became professor of medicine and botany at Uppsala. In the 1740s, he was sent on several journeys through Sweden to find and classify plants and animals. In the 1750s and 1760s, he continued to collect and classify animals, plants, and minerals, and published several volumes. At the time of his death, he was one of the most acclaimed scientists in Europe.   The philosopher Jean-Jacques Rousseau sent him the message: "Tell him I know no greater man on earth." The German writer Johann Wolfgang von Goethe wrote: "With the exception of Shakespeare and Spinoza, I know no one among the no longer living who has influenced me more strongly." Swedish author August Strindberg wrote: "Linnaeus was in reality a poet who happened to become a naturalist". Among other compliments, Linnaeus has been called " (Prince of Botanists), "The Pliny of the North," and "The Second Adam". He is also considered as one of the founders of modern ecology.
Yahoo! is a web services provider, wholly owned by Verizon Communications through Oath Inc. and headquartered in Sunnyvale, California. The original Yahoo! company was founded by Jerry Yang and David Filo in January 1994 and was incorporated on March 2, 1995. Yahoo was one of the pioneers of the early Internet era in the 1990s. Marissa Mayer, a former Google executive, served as CEO and President of Yahoo until June 2017.   It was globally known for its Web portal, search engine Yahoo! Search, and related services, including Yahoo! Directory, Yahoo! Mail, Yahoo! News, Yahoo! Finance, Yahoo! Groups, Yahoo! Answers, advertising, online mapping, video sharing, fantasy sports, and its social media website. At its height it was one of the most popular sites in the United States. According to third-party web analytics providers, Alexa and SimilarWeb, Yahoo! was the highest-read news and media website, with over 7 billion views per month, being the sixth most visited website globally in 2016. According to news sources, roughly 700 million people visited Yahoo websites every month. Yahoo itself claimed it attracted "more than half a billion consumers every month in more than 30 languages".   Once the most popular website in the U.S., Yahoo slowly started to decline since the late 2000s, and in 2017, Verizon Communications acquired most of Yahoo's Internet business for $4.48 billion, excluding its stakes in Alibaba Group and Yahoo! Japan which were transferred to Yahoo's successor company Altaba.
When plans were announced to build a giant new transoceanic canal across Nicaragua, the young Hong Kong businessman leading the project acknowledged the widespread skepticism. "We don't want it to become an international joke," said Wang Jing, a 40-year-old with no significant engineering experience and a background he described as "very normal."   That was in June 2013, when the Nicaraguan legislature, controlled by President Daniel Ortega, had just allowed Wang to move forward with his five-year project .   It is not certain that the canal, which would be one of the most ambitious and expensive engineering projects on Earth, will ever get built. But it looks set to move forward, and even some of the most determined doubters are starting to reconsider.   Last Thursday, the government and Wang's company, Nicaragua Canal Development Investment, announced that construction will start on Dec. 22.   The development's estimated price tag -- $50 billion -- is four times the size of the entire Nicaraguan economy. The canal itself would be deeper, wider and longer than the Panama Canal, just a few hundred miles to the south. The Panama Canal's expansion is almost ready, which raises the question of why another costly canal is needed.   The Nicaraguan opposition has called the project the biggest scam in the country's history, and engineering experts are divided over whether the project is feasible.   Pedro Alvarez, chairman of civil engineering at Rice University, has expressed doubts that it will ever be completed. He worries that it will be abandoned. His greatest concern is severe damage to Lake Nicaragua, the largest freshwater reservoir in Latin America. 
After killing Osama Bin Laden and dropping his body into the ocean to avoid causing more hatred fro, the Muslims , the American government recently released a video of Osama Bin Laden living in his safe house watching TV , which has been viewed millions of times . The following are comments made by viewers .   A. Yeah , Osama got what he deserved , Iraq got what they deserved , and Afghanistan got what they deserved . Saddam got what he deserved , Hitler got what he deserved . The list goes on & on .   B. I hate saying this but is believe America deserved 9/11 ... They have screwed up so many governments ....   C. I'm American and I and my brother suspected the whole story about dropping him into the ocean . We feel if they really killed him they would keep his body for proof .   D. All you Islamic haters are ignorant fools . The terrorists don't have anything to do with the religion . They say they are part of the Islamic Religion but they are not . Nuking ( kill somebody with nuclear bombs ) Pakistan will do nothing by the way .   E. Please give me the 2 minutes of my life back that I watched your pointless and fake video .   F. Man ? Why is this video fake ? Rather than shouting about how it's obviously not Osama , why not provide the arguments for it instead of coming off as if you simply want to deny it for the sake of denial .   G. What a load of nonsense , an _ to any intelligent person , Bin Laden dead for ages ... watch Benazir Bhutto say so on YouTube a week before she herself was murdered . The Muslims murdered her for being an American spy !   H. I honestly don't know what to believe , but ... why did the terrorists confirm his death if it didn't happen .
Chris Medina was an outstanding star on a Monday night's audition of American Idol (,). He made the Americans moved for more than just his singing. Chris performed the famous band The Script's song "Breakeven" and he brought along his beloved fiancee , Juliana Ramos, who is limited to a wheelchair following a terrible car accident. There is a very touching emotional story behind them.   Chris, an amazing singer, said he fell in love with Juliana the first moment he saw her and they became engaged soon afterwards. They had planned to get married two years after getting engaged. But shortly before they could hold each other's hands into the marriage hall, Juliana, suffered from a brain injury in a tragic car accident. On the exact day they were supposed to get married, Chris shared a song he wrote for his fiancee. "I'm giving all I've got to give/ To pull you through/ In your darkest hour, I will be your light," were some of his _ lyrics.   Juliana's idol is Oprah Winfrey and Idol judge Steven could see that she remains a fan of Chris' music, accompanying him to the audition. Chris received a ticket to Hollywood, which Juliana proudly waved. While he is heading to Hollywood to pursue his dream of singing, Chris continues to take care of Juliana, alongside her mother.   Chris' love story touched more than the Americans. It reached Irish rockers The Script, who spoke highly of the young man and his songs at the audition. "Chris Medina: not only are you a major talent, but you are one in a billion! Stay strong and never give up. This world needs more men like you." the band's guitarist, Mark Sheehan, said.
Barcelona moved five points clear in Spain as manager Pep Guardiola celebrated his 100th match in charge with a 4-0 victory at home to Racing Santander on Saturday.   The injury-hit defending champions brushed off the pre-match loss of star striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic to romp into a 3-0 halftime lead as they put pressure on Real Madrid to win Sunday's home match against Villarreal.   The Swede is in doubt for Tuesday's Champions League trip to German club Stuttgart due to a swollen ankle.   Midfielder Andres Iniesta took advantage of some slack defending to pounce for his first goal this season in the seventh minute, hooking home a left-foot effort after the ball ran loose in his 300th outing for the club.   France striker Thierry Henry, handed a rare start due to Ibrahimovic's absence, netted a free-kick in the 29th minute after driving a shot through the defensive wall for his first goal this year.   Center-back Rafael Marquez marked his return from suspension with a similar effort nine minute later as he curled a set-piece over the wall and in off the post.   Barca took their foot off the pedal in the second half, but 18-year-old Thiago scored his first senior goal in the 84th minute with a deflected shot after Lionel Messi set him up with a cutback.   Captain Carles Puyol had to go off with a facial injury but is expected to face Stuttgart in the first leg of the last-16 tie.   It was Guardiola's 71st victory since taking charge of the Catalan giants, and 14th-placed Racing never looked like inflicting his 11th defeat -- the 10th came against Atletico Madrid last weekend, Barca's first in La Liga this season. 
Once upon a time, there was a cowgirl named Clementine. Orange was her favorite color. Her favorite food was the strawberry. She really liked her Blackberry phone, which allowed her to call her friends and family when out on the range. One day Clementine thought she needed a new pair of boots, so she went to the mall. Before Clementine went inside the mall, she smoked a cigarette. Then she got a new pair of boots. She couldn't choose between brown and red. Finally she chose red, which the seller really liked. Once she got home, she found that her red boots didn't match her blue cowgirl clothes, so she knew she needed to return them. She traded them for a brown pair. While she was there, she also bought a pretzel from Auntie Anne's.
Betty and I are best friends.Our birthdays are on the same day,so every year we have a birthday party together.But this year,we had a costume party instead. While we were writing the invitation,my mum came in and asked."Why not invite John?"John had been in our class for only a few months,but he was always getting better grades in math than anyone else in class.I wrinkled my nose and said,"Mum,he wears the same pants to school every day.How can he even afford a costume?"Mum said nothing.The next day,mum gave me an envelope with a shopping certificate in it."I thought it would be nice of you to give this to John,"Mum said.But how?We didn't want to make John embarrassed.We discussed it for a long time.Finally,Betty and I had a good idea. On the day of our party,kids arrived,dressed differently.John arrived,in an old sheet ,but still in the same brown pants as usual.We danced,ate snacks and played games in groups.Before eating the birthday cake,Betty said in a loud voice,"Now it's time for the great prize game.It's the following riddle..."It was a math game.None of us was surprised when John came up with the right answer first and walked off with the envelope. Everything went on well as we planned.John wore a new pair of pants and a new shirt the next week.He felt happy.So did we. When we helped others,we need to find a proper way,or we may hurt them in another way.
Guam (i/ˈɡwɑːm/ or /ˈɡwɒm/; Chamorro: Guåhån;[needs IPA] formally the Territory of Guam) is an unincorporated and organized territory of the United States. Located in the northwestern Pacific Ocean, Guam is one of five American territories with an established civilian government. The capital city is Hagåtña, and the most populous city is Dededo. In 2015, 161,785 people resided on Guam. Guamanians are American citizens by birth. Guam has an area of 544 km2 (210 sq mi) and a density of 297/km² (770/sq mi). It is the largest and southernmost of the Mariana Islands, and the largest island in Micronesia. Among its municipalities, Mongmong-Toto-Maite has the highest density at 1,425/km² (3,691/sq mi), whereas Inarajan and Umatac have the lowest density at 47/km² (119/sq mi). The highest point is Mount Lamlam at 406 meters (1,332 ft) above sea level.   The Chamorros, Guam's indigenous people, settled the island approximately 4,000 years ago. Portuguese explorer Ferdinand Magellan was the first European to visit the island on March 6, 1521. Guam was colonized in 1668 with settlers, like Diego Luis de San Vitores, a Catholic missionary. Between the 1500s and the 1700s, Guam was an important stopover for the Spanish Manila Galleons. During the Spanish–American War, the United States captured Guam on June 21, 1898. Under the Treaty of Paris, Spain ceded Guam to the United States on December 10, 1898. Guam is amongst the seventeen Non-Self-Governing Territories of the United Nations.
Elshijh, an Egyptian doctoral candidate at Beijing Language and Cultural University, said he felt fairly excited when he learned that Mo Yan had won the literary prize. "Mo's winning of the prize is pushing Egypt to translate more of his works into Arabic," Elshijh said, adding that there is already an Arabic edition of "Red Sorghum," but Egypt's Ministry of Culture recently announced that it will translate another of Mo's works from Chinese to Arabic. Although Chinese literature is getting more attention around the world, translated versions of Chinese works remain in small supply in places like the United States and Europe. Jonathan Chuck, an American who has been working in social media for three years in China, has read some ancient Chinese classics in Englishand can name several ancient poets such as Li Bai. Chuck said works of Chinese literature are hard to get in the United States, as bookstores simply don't carry many English translations. "Besides, China is considered a mysterious country and far away from our daily life." Chuck said when he was in school, pupils mostly studied Western literature translated from French, German and Portuguese, not literature translated from Asian languages. "China's Nobel prize will inspire more Westerners to notice Chinese literature, and I may read some of Mo's works," he added. Li Ling, a professor at Beijing Language and Cultural University, said Chinese literature has less of a market than English-language literature because Western culture is the dominant culture. Moreover, it is difficult to fully express some Chinese words in English, which can limit Chinese literature to a Chinese-literate audience, Li added. "Western readers are more picky about what they read," he said, explaining that if a Chinese book is not translated well, it would be " _ " to recommend it to Western readers. Li expects China's Nobel laureate to expand foreign readership.
Missouri is a state in the Midwestern United States. With over six million residents, it is the 18th most populous state. The largest urban areas are St. Louis, Kansas City, Springfield, and Columbia. The capitol is in Jefferson City on the Missouri River. The state is the 21st most extensive in area. In the South are the Ozarks, a forested highland, providing timber, minerals, and recreation. The Mississippi River forms the eastern border of the state.   Humans have inhabited the land now known as Missouri for at least 12,000 years. The Mississippian culture built cities and mounds, before declining in the 1300s. When European explorers arrived in the 1600s they encountered the Osage and Missouria nations. The French established Louisiana, a part of New France, and founded Ste. Genevieve in 1735 and St. Louis in 1764. After a brief period of Spanish rule, the United States acquired the Louisiana Purchase in 1803. Americans from the Upland South, including enslaved African Americans, rushed into the new Missouri Territory. Many from Virginia, Kentucky, and Tennessee settled in the Boonslick area of Mid-Missouri. Soon after, heavy German immigration formed the Missouri Rhineland.   Missouri played a central role in the westward expansion of the United States, as memorialized by the Gateway Arch. The Pony Express, Oregon Trail, Santa Fe Trail, and California Trail all began in Missouri. As a border state, Missouri's role in the American Civil War was complex and there were many conflicts within. After the war, both Greater St. Louis and the Kansas City metropolitan area became centers of industrialization and business. Today, the state is divided into 114 counties and the independent city of St. Louis.
(CNN)His voice, his posture and his threats are menacingly familiar.   The black-clad ISIS militant shown in a video demanding a $200 million ransom to spare the lives of two Japanese citizens looks and sounds similar to the man who has appeared in at least five previous hostage videos.   The knife-wielding masked man with a London accent, nicknamed "Jihadi John," has issued threats and overseen the beheadings of American and British captives.   "You now have 72 hours to pressure your government in making a wise decision, by paying the $200 million to save the lives of your citizens," the man in the video that appeared Tuesday says in comments addressed to Japanese citizens. "Otherwise, this knife will become your nightmare."   Q&A: Harsh realities of kidnappings, ransom   The amount of money is the same as that recently pledged by Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe in humanitarian aid to Middle East countries that are affected by ISIS' bloody campaign in Iraq and Syria.   Japan believes the deadline arrives Friday at 12:50 a.m. ET. And Chief Cabinet Minister Yoshihide Suga said Wednesday the country will do its best to communicate with ISIS through a third-party nation.   But mystery and confusion still surround the identity of Jihadi John.   U.S. and British officials have said they believe they know who he is, but they haven't disclosed the information publicly.   That could be because Western intelligence agencies believe they have more to gain from keeping quiet, says Aki Peritz, a former CIA officer.   "They can put pressure on his family, put pressure on his friends," he told CNN. "Maybe they have a line to him. Maybe they know who his cousins are who are going to Syria who can identify him. However, if you publicly tell everybody who he is, his real identity, then maybe he'll go to ground and he'll disappear." 
On the farm there was a little piggy named Andy. Andy was very sweet, but he was always dirty. He loved to roll around in the mud. None of the other piggies wanted to play with him. He wished they would be his friends. One day he was going on a walk on the farm. He walked by and saw his favorite big tree. He walked farther than he ever had before. He saw a bunch of pretty flowers. Then he saw something that he had never seen before. It was a river! He ran down to the river, shouting with joy. He got down low in the cool water swam around for a bit. He ran back to the farm where the other piggies were. He was finally clean. They all played games until dinner time. When it was time for dessert the piggies each got a cupcake. Looking at all his new friends, Andy smiled and took a big bite of his tasty treat.
(EW) -- After four years off of the silver screen, James Bond made his triumphant return this weekend in "Skyfall" — and the British spy's appeal was bigger than ever.   The action thriller grossed a truly massive $87.8 million in its first three days (and an additional $2.2 million during Thursday night previews), making its debut the very best in the Bond series' 23-film history — by a huge margin.   "Skyfall" shattered the previous opening weekend record for a Bond film, which was set in 2008 when "Quantum of Solace" bowed with $67.5 million. With the lucrative Thanksgiving holiday on the horizon and a straight "A" CinemaScore grade, it's likely that "Skyfall" will also become the first Bond movie to ever pass the $200 million mark at the domestic box office. (Of course, this is not accounting for inflation.)   EW critics disagree on 'Skyfall'   "Skyfall's" debut marks the seventh-best November opening weekend of all time — behind two "Twilight" films and four "Harry Potter" titles — and the film, which Sony and MGM spent about $200 million to make, garnered an impressive $25,050 per theater average from 3,505 theaters. "Skyfall's" per-theater average was even more impressive in IMAX locations, where the film found $13.1 million (15 percent of its weekend gross) from 320 screens, good for a $40,938 average.   Daniel Craig, the sixth man to play Bond, has seen his popularity as the character surge since taking over the iconic role in 2006. His first Bond film, "Casino Royale," debuted with $40.8 million on the way to a $167.4 million finish. Two years later, "Quantum of Solace" opened 65 percent higher with $67.5 million on the way to $168.5 million total. (Reception for the film was tepid, which is why its endurance at the box office was so much weaker than "Casino Royale's.") And now "Skyfall" has improved upon "Quantum's" opening weekend by 30 percent. At this rate, Craig's next turn as Bond (due in 2014) could garner well over $100 million in its debut frame. 
Bulgaria, officially the Republic of Bulgaria, is a country in southeastern Europe. It is bordered by Romania to the north, Serbia and Macedonia to the west, Greece and Turkey to the south, and the Black Sea to the east. With a territory of , Bulgaria is Europe's 16th-largest country.   Organised prehistoric cultures began developing on current Bulgarian lands during the Neolithic period. Its ancient history saw the presence of the Thracians, Greeks, Persians, Celts, Romans, Goths, Alans and Huns. The emergence of a unified Bulgarian state dates back to the establishment of the First Bulgarian Empire in 681 AD, which dominated most of the Balkans and functioned as a cultural hub for Slavs during the Middle Ages. With the downfall of the Second Bulgarian Empire in 1396, its territories came under Ottoman rule for nearly five centuries. The Russo-Turkish War of 1877–78 led to the formation of the Third Bulgarian State. The following years saw several conflicts with its neighbours, which prompted Bulgaria to align with Germany in both world wars. In 1946 it became a one-party socialist state as part of the Soviet-led Eastern Bloc. In December 1989 the ruling Communist Party allowed multi-party elections, which subsequently led to Bulgaria's transition into a democracy and a market-based economy.
Rolling Stone is an American biweekly magazine that focuses on popular culture. It was founded in San Francisco in 1967 by Jann Wenner, who is still the magazine's publisher, and the music critic Ralph J. Gleason. It was first known for its musical coverage and for political reporting by Hunter S. Thompson. In the 1990s, the magazine shifted focus to a younger readership interested in youth-oriented television shows, film actors, and popular music. In recent years, it has resumed its traditional mix of content.   Rolling Stone Press is the magazine's associated book publishing imprint.   "Rolling Stone" magazine was founded in San Francisco in 1967 by Jann Wenner and Ralph Gleason. To get it off the ground, Wenner borrowed $7,500 from his own family and from the parents of his soon-to-be wife, Jane Schindelheim. The first issue carried a cover date of November 9, 1967, and was in newspaper format with a lead article on the Monterey Pop Festival. The cover price was 25¢ (equivalent to $ in 2016).   In the first issue, Wenner explained that the title of the magazine referred to the 1950 blues song, "Rollin' Stone", recorded by Muddy Waters, the rock and roll band the Rolling Stones, and Bob Dylan's hit single "Like a Rolling Stone". Some authors have attributed the name solely to Dylan's hit single: "At [Ralph] Gleason's suggestion, Wenner named his magazine after a Bob Dylan song." "Rolling Stone" initially identified with and reported the hippie counterculture of the era. However, it distanced itself from the underground newspapers of the time, such as "Berkeley Barb", embracing more traditional journalistic standards and avoiding the radical politics of the underground press. In the very first edition, Wenner wrote that "Rolling Stone" "is not just about the music, but about the things and attitudes that music embraces".
It is not easy to capture a man's life in 152 minutes, let alone a life as illustrious and complex as Nelson Mandela's. For London-born actor Idris Elba, who played the South African leader in the 2013 biopic "Mandela: Long Walk to Freedom," the task was sure to feel Herculean.   "I could never really articulate what it felt like to play Mandela properly in an interview," he admits in a phone conversation with CNN.   Though the actor is British, and physically bears little resemblance to the late South African leader, Elba recalls the unexpectedly warm reception he received, particularly from extras on set -- many of whom were locals who lived through the apartheid era.   "South Africa is very embracing. Even though I'm not from South Africa and was about to play Mandela, they still gave me a lot of love," he says. By the end of filming, many were even calling him "Madiba."   The experience, life-changing in many ways, was bound to feel odd. For Elba, the best way to capture not just the man but the feeling of playing him on film, was through music.   Next week will see the release of "Mi Mandela," a tribute to Mandela made up of songs written and produced by Elba himself, and performed by a mixture of South African and British talent, including Mumford & Sons, the Mahotella Queens and Maverick Sabre.   "There were various sensations I experienced (playing Mandela), and I could never give an answer I was satisfied with. I think this album represents that answer. It allows me to express the feelings of playing him," says Elba. 
Brunei, officially the Nation of Brunei, the Abode of Peace (, Jawi: ), is a sovereign state located on the north coast of the island of Borneo in Southeast Asia. Apart from its coastline with the South China Sea, the country is completely surrounded by the Malaysian state of Sarawak. It is separated into two parts by the Sarawak district of Limbang. Brunei is the only sovereign state completely on the island of Borneo; the remainder of the island's territory is divided between the nations of Malaysia and Indonesia. Brunei's population was in .   At the peak of the Bruneian Empire, Sultan Bolkiah (reigned 1485–1528) is alleged to have had control over most regions of Borneo, including modern-day Sarawak and Sabah, as well as the Sulu Archipelago off the northeast tip of Borneo, Seludong (modern-day Manila), and the islands off the northwest tip of Borneo. The maritime state was visited by Spain's Magellan Expedition in 1521 and fought against Spain in the 1578 Castilian War.   During the 19th century, the Bruneian Empire began to decline. The Sultanate ceded Sarawak (Kuching) to James Brooke and installed him as the White Rajah, and it ceded Sabah to the British North Borneo Chartered Company. In 1888, Brunei became a British protectorate and was assigned a British resident as colonial manager in 1906. After the Japanese occupation during World War II, in 1959 a new constitution was written. In 1962, a small armed rebellion against the monarchy was ended with the help of the British.
One morning, Daddy, Ethan, and I went out shopping for Mother's day gifts. First we went to buy some flowers. I found a nice big bunch of pink roses that were very pretty. Then we went and bought a card. There were a lot to choose from, some of them had pictures of kids and some of them had pictures of animals. Daddy wanted to get one with a kid hugging his mommy but Ethan wanted the one with a cat on it, and I wanted the one with a dog on it. We ended up getting all three. Then we went to buy ingredients so we could cook breakfast. On Mother's day I helped Daddy make breakfast. We made chocolate pancakes and eggs. It was very messy but a lot of fun. Mommy loved getting breakfast in bed and she liked the flowers and cards. We also went out to go to the park after breakfast. It was a beautiful day and a lot of fun. I can't wait for mother's day to come by again!
Now came great news! It came from a neighboring state, where the family's only surviving relative lived. It was Sally's relative -- a distant relative by the name of Tilbury Foster, seventy and single. Tilbury now wrote to Sally, saying he should shortly die, and should leave him thirty thousand dollars, cash; not for love, but because money had given him most of his troubles, and he wished to place it where there was good hope that it would continue its evil work. The _ would be found in his will, and would be officially handed over provided that Sally should be able to prove to the executors .   As soon as Aleck had partially recovered from the strong emotions created by the letter, she sent someone to the relative's home and subscribed for the local paper.   For the rest of the day Sally made confusion with his books, and Aleck could not keep her mind on her affairs, not even take up a flower-pot or book or a stick of wood without forgetting what she had intended to do with it. For both were dreaming.   "Thirty thousand dollars!"   All day long Aleck was absorbed in planning how to invest it, Sally in planning how to spend it.   There was no romance-reading that night. The children took themselves away early, for their parents were silent, disturbed, and strangely unentertaining. Two pencils had been busy during that hour -- note-making; in the way of plans. It was Sally who broke the stillness at last. He said, with excitement, "Ah, it'll be grand, Aleck! Out of the first thousand we'll have a horse and a buggy for summer, and a cutter and a skin lap-robe for winter."   Aleck responded with decision and calmness.   "You can spend a part of it. But the whole of the capital must be put right to work.   "Why, yes. Yes, of course. Have you got it invested yet?"   "No, there's no hurry about that; I must look around first, and think, er..., I've turned it over twice; once in oil and once in wheat."   "Why, Aleck, it's splendid! What does it amount to?"   "I think -- well, to be on the safe side, about a hundred and eighty thousand clear, though it will probably be more."   "My! Isn't it wonderful? Good heaven! Luck has come our way at last, Aleck!"   Then they went up to bed, but they left the candle burning in the sitting room. They did not remember until they were undressed; then Sally was for letting it burn; he said they could afford it, if it was a thousand. But Aleck went down and put it out.   A good job, too; for on her way back she hit on a scheme that would turn the hundred and eighty thousand into half a million before it had had time to get cold.
The 18-meter-tall Rubber Duck arrived in Beijing on Friday. It was placed on waters in the International Garden Expo Park, where the Yongding River passes through. The Rubber Duck exhibition was designed by Dutch artist, Florentijn Hofman. It was part of the activities of Beijing Design Week, which ran from September 26 to October 3 in 2013. The Rubber Duck stayed in the park until September 23, then moved to the Summer Palace, a famous Beijing tourist spot, where it was on display until October 26. The duck is made of over 200 pieces of rubber. It was guarded not only by staff, but also by 10 volunteers wearing yellow T-shirts and hats with a rubber duck logo. Sun Yidong, a volunteer who guided visitors to the duck, said the art brought energy to the traditional Chinese park. "Seeing the giant Rubber Duck makes me feel like I'm a kid again." Sun said. Because of the rain on Friday, there were not too many people coming to see it. The Expo workers said they expected more people to come and visit the duck on weekends. Zhao Yan said she had been following news about the duck since 2007, when the duck began its journey. "I even considered going to Hong Kong to see it. It's great that the duck is in Beijing," Zhao said. Before arriving in Beijing, the Rubber Duck traveled to 13 cities in nine countries. "The aim of the Rubber Duck is simply to bring everyone back to their childhood again," said Zeng Hui, a leader of the Beijing Design Week Organizing Committee Office. "It can be a toy for adults." ,.
Serbia will face France in the final of the Davis Cup after a tense 3-2 semifinal victory over the Czech Republic in front of a passionate home support in Belgrade.   The Czechs led 2-1 after winning Saturday's doubles rubber, meaning the hosts had to claim victory in both reverse singles to secure their first-ever appearance in the final.   World number two Novak Djokovic, who missed Friday's opening singles with a stomach complaint, drew the two nations level at 2-2 when he recovered from the loss of the opening set to defeat Czech No.1 Tomas Berdych 4-6 6-3 6-2 6-4.   It completed a miserable weekend for Wimbledon finalist Berdych, who lost both of his singles rubbers.   That result means Janko Tipsarevic had to defeat the previously unbeaten Radek Stepanek to seal Serbia's final place and he did just that, winning 6-0 7-6 6-4 to send the 15,000 home supporters into raptures.   There was less drama in the other semifinal, where France completed their domination over Argentina with a 5-0 whitewash victory in Lyon.   The French led 3-0 going into the final day, meaning nothing rested on the results of the reverse singles rubbers.   However, Gilles Simon's 7-6 6-7 6-3 defeat of Eduardo Schwank meant the whitewash became a possibility -- and it was completed when Arnaud Clement beat Horacio Zeballos 7-5 6-1.   The victory ensures France, who dumped out holders Spain in the previous round, reached their first Davis Cup final since 2002.   
The region, as part of Lorraine, was part of the Holy Roman Empire, and then was gradually annexed by France in the 17th century, and formalized as one of the provinces of France. The Calvinist manufacturing republic of Mulhouse, known as Stadtrepublik Mülhausen, became a part of Alsace after a vote by its citizens on 4 January 1798. Alsace is frequently mentioned with and as part of Lorraine and the former duchy of Lorraine, since it was a vital part of the duchy, and later because German possession as the imperial province (Alsace-Lorraine, 1871–1918) was contested in the 19th and 20th centuries; France and Germany exchanged control of parts of Lorraine (including Alsace) four times in 75 years.   With the decline of the Roman Empire, Alsace became the territory of the Germanic Alemanni. The Alemanni were agricultural people, and their Germanic language formed the basis of modern-day dialects spoken along the Upper Rhine (Alsatian, Alemannian, Swabian, Swiss). Clovis and the Franks defeated the Alemanni during the 5th century AD, culminating with the Battle of Tolbiac, and Alsace became part of the Kingdom of Austrasia. Under Clovis' Merovingian successors the inhabitants were Christianized. Alsace remained under Frankish control until the Frankish realm, following the Oaths of Strasbourg of 842, was formally dissolved in 843 at the Treaty of Verdun; the grandsons of Charlemagne divided the realm into three parts. Alsace formed part of the Middle Francia, which was ruled by the youngest grandson Lothar I. Lothar died early in 855 and his realm was divided into three parts. The part known as Lotharingia, or Lorraine, was given to Lothar's son. The rest was shared between Lothar's brothers Charles the Bald (ruler of the West Frankish realm) and Louis the German (ruler of the East Frankish realm). The Kingdom of Lotharingia was short-lived, however, becoming the stem duchy of Lorraine in Eastern Francia after the Treaty of Ribemont in 880. Alsace was united with the other Alemanni east of the Rhine into the stem duchy of Swabia.
Like any good mother, when Karen found out that another baby was on the way, she did what she could do to help her 3-year-old son Michael prepare for it. She and her husband found out that the new baby was going to be a girl. Day after day, night after night, Michael sang to his sister in his mom's tummy . Finally, Michael's little sister was born. But she was in a very serious condition. The doctor told the parents there was very little hope. They kept the baby girl in the intensive care unit (ICU, ). Karen was so sad. She decided to plan for her funeral . Michael, however, kept begging his parents to let him see his sister. "I want to sing to her," he would say. Finally Karen decided to take Michael to his sister. This may be the last time he sees her alive. Michael looked at his baby sister. After a moment, he began to sing. In the pure-hearted voice of a 3-year-old, Michael sang: "You are my sunshine, my only sunshine. You make me happy when skies are gray." Instantly the baby girl seemed to _ . Her pulse rate began to calm down. "Keep on singing, Michael," encouraged Karen with tears in her eyes. "You never know, dear, how much I love you, please don't take my sunshine away." As Michael sang to his sister, the baby's breath became smooth. After a few days, the little girl was well enough to go home. The doctors called it a miracle . ,.
When no one wanted to build the world's tallest and fastest water slide, Jeff Henry built it himself.   So when Verrückt was completed, and it was time to test the 168-foot coaster in his Kansas City, Kansas, water park, the choice of test riders was rather easy.   The guinea pigs: Henry, owner of Schlitterbahn Waterparks and Resorts; Henry's assistant; and head designer John Schooley.   "It was terrifying," Schooley said. "It was great fun, but it was actually terrifying."   The slide finally opened to the public on Thursday, July 10, after several weeks of delays. Technical glitches forced the original May 23 opening date to be pushed back three times, a park spokesperson said.   Officially certified by Guinness World Records in May, Verrückt -- which is German for "insane" -- is 5 feet taller than the previous record holder, a water slide at a Rio de Janeiro country club.   Verrückt is precisely 168 feet 7 inches tall. To put that free fall in perspective, it's longer than a plunge at Niagara Falls.   Schooley stressed, however, that the ride is more than a single drop, calling it an "extreme thrill" without comparison.   "You have three or four experiences on the ride," he said. "There is a 3-second free fall before you get launched into a weightless situation for a few seconds, and then you come down like a roller coaster and have a long splash down."   The origins of Verrückt are as extreme as the ride itself.   According to Schooley, owner Henry was at a trade show and simply decided he wanted to build the tallest, fastest water slide at one of his five Schlitterbahn water parks. He immediately shopped the idea to vendors, who declined, but he refused to be denied. 
NASCAR's Hall of Fame class for 2015 includes Bill Elliott, one of its most popular drivers ever, and Wendell Scott, the only African-American to win a top-level race, the auto racing sanctioning body announced Wednesday.   Three other drivers -- Fred Lorenzen, Joe Weatherly and Rex White -- will be inducted at a ceremony on January 30 at the NASCAR Hall of Fame in Charlotte, North Carolina.   Elliott won one Winston Cup title and 44 races in his 37-year career, including two victories at the Daytona 500. Known as "Awesome Bill from Dawsonville", a reference to his Georgia hometown, Elliott won the series top circuit championship in 1988. He was voted NASCAR's most popular driver a record 16 times.   In 1963, Scott became the only African-American to win a race at NASCAR's highest level, taking a 100-mile feature at Jacksonville, Florida, on December 1. He also was the first African-American to race full time in NASCAR's premier series, called the Grand National Series at the time.   Scott made the top 10 in 30% of the races in his 13-year Grand National career. He was portrayed in the 1977 movie "Greased Lightning" by Richard Pryor. He died in 1990.   Lorenzen was considered one of the sport's first superstars and won 26 races while running a part-time schedule in the 1960s and early 1970s.   Weatherly was a two-time champion, in 1962 and in 1963, when he raced for nine different teams.   White was a short-track specialist in the early days of NASCAR. And since there were few super speedways, White finished in the top five about half the time. He won the 1960 championship and 28 races in his career (only twice at tracks longer than a mile). 
The House of Bourbon is a European royal house of French origin, a branch of the Capetian dynasty (). Bourbonic kings first ruled France and Navarre in the 16th century. By the 18th century, members of the Spanish Bourbon dynasty held thrones in Spain, Naples, Sicily, and Parma. Spain and Luxembourg currently have monarchs of the House of Bourbon.   The royal Bourbons originated in 1272 when the heiress of the lordship of Bourbon married the youngest son of King Louis IX. The house continued for three centuries as a cadet branch, while more senior Capetians ruled France, until Henry IV became the first Bourbon king of France in 1589. Bourbon monarchs then united to France the small kingdom of Navarre, which Henry's father had acquired by marriage in 1555, ruling both until the 1792 overthrow of the monarchy during the French Revolution. Restored briefly in 1814 and definitively in 1815 after the fall of the First French Empire, the senior line of the Bourbons was finally overthrown in the July Revolution of 1830. A cadet Bourbon branch, the House of Orléans, then ruled for 18 years (1830–1848), until it too was overthrown.   The Princes de Condé were a cadet branch of the Bourbons descended from an uncle of Henry IV, and the Princes de Conti were a cadet branch of the Condé. Both houses were prominent French noble families well known for their participation in French affairs, even during exile in the French Revolution, until their respective extinctions in 1830 and 1814.
Ray Rice is a human who made a mistake that he'd never made before and that he won't make again, wife Janay Rice said in an interview that aired Monday.   "Ray knows me, and there's no way. He knows what he would have to deal with. ... I'm not going to sit there in silence and let something happen to me. And God forbid, in front of my child, just let it happen? There's no way."   It was Janay Rice's second interview since her husband, a former running back for the Baltimore Ravens, viciously knocked her out in a casino elevator in Atlantic City, New Jersey, after a night of heavy drinking.   Images from inside the elevator would change the pair's lives, as Ray Rice was indefinitely suspended by the NFL, and Janay Rice became a poster child for domestic violence.   The most shocking clip shows the 200-pound football player punching his then-fiancee, sending her head into the wall before she collapses unconscious to the floor. Surveillance video shows Ray Rice drag her partially out of the elevator and callously dump her limp body face-first on the ground.   "He said he was just terrified," Janay Rice told the "Today" show in an interview that aired Monday. "He was in such shock that this just happened, he didn't know how to function."   Opening up   Sitting next to her mother, Candy Palmer, and occasionally fending off sniffles and dabbing her eyes with a tissue, Janay Rice said she was angry and hurt by her husband's violence, but it also hurt to see his career pulled out from under him, to lose the "support system" that the Ravens provided and to be forced to "pick up and move." 
One day in my class, Maria shared her feelings about money, "Money worries me. I think I want to live without money because I hate it. I HATE MONEY." We were all touched by Maria's words as they reminded us of the spiritual burdens that money managing can bring to us. After class I offered to help Maria deal with her financial problems. She hesitated to accept my offer, and I could see from the expression on her face that she was afraid of what it might involve. I quickly promised her that I wouldn't make her do more than she was able to. I told her frankly that I didn't enjoy managing my money any more than she did hers and wouldn't burden her with guilt, judgments, or impossible tasks. All I would ask her to do was to let me help her look at her fears and try to make some sense of them.   Maria still resisted my offer, and I can remember the excuses she gave me as they were the repeated complaints I had heard from so many people. "I'11 never understand money," she said. "My facts are meaningless." "I don't deserve to have money." "I never have enough," "I have too little to manage." "My financial position isn't worth looking at." and the most _ one of all, "I just can't do it."   Going home that day, I couldn't get Maria out of my mind: Her attitude conveyed the same negativity and fear that I believed annoyed many people. I was sure it was this attitude that prevented people from managing their money effectively. My counseling has taught me that these anxieties are inseparably connected to our self-doubts and fear for survival. Many of us are terrified of handling our money because we don't believe we can do it well, and to do it wrong would put our very existence at risk.   On a deeper level we know that money is not the source of life, but sense of worth drives us to act as if it were. It locks us up in self-doubts and prevents us from tapping into the true source of our management power, our spirit.
AC Milan withstood a brave comeback from Arsenal to advance to the quarterfinals of the Champions League Tuesday despite a 3-0 defeat in the second leg at the Emirates.   The Italian champions had led 4-0 from the first leg last month and few bar the most optimistic of Arsenal fans gave Arsene Wenger's men any hope of retrieving the deficit.   But first-half goals from Laurent Koscielny, Tomas Rosicky and captain Robin van Persie gave the English Premier League side the perfect platform to complete a remarkable recovery.   Koscielny headed home from a corner, Rosicky took advantage of a defensive mistake after a Theo Walcott run and van Persie slotted home a penalty after the excellent Alex-Oxlade Chamberlain was fouled.   Milan were all at sea, but regrouped strongly after the break and blunted the Arsenal onslaught.   Van Persie uncharacteristically fluffed the best chance for the home side to make it 4-4 on aggregate, but after fine work by Gervinho his effort was saved by Christian Abbiati.   "I felt he wanted to chip the keeper because he was down but Abbiati got up very quickly but he reacted well and unfortunately we couldn't score, Wenger told Sky Sports.   "I hoped in the final 10 or 15 minutes to create some more goal chances, but it didn't happen."   At the other end, Zlatan Ibrahimovic came to life and twice came close to scoring the Milan goal which would have completely killed off the tie.   But at the finish it was the Milan players who were celebrating, while Arsenal will be boosted in their challenge for a Champions League spot in the EPL and remain in the FA Cup. 
Jared Gabay is like many other college students. When he has a big test coming up, he turns to what's called a "study drug" for a little extra boost.   "I'm more driven. I don't focus on anything else," the Auburn University senior says about taking the drugs. "If I have a paper, that's all I'm doing. No distractions, no socializing, just on with it. "   Gabay takes the prescription drug Adderall, designed to treat attention deficit hyperactivity disorder, or ADHD. He doesn't have ADHD or a prescription, but the drug is not hard for him to get. "It's easy -- not sketchy or perceived in a bad way," he says. "Maybe a simple text or a phone call. 'Hey mind if I get some Adderall? I've got a long night ahead of me.'" After taking the pill he hits the books in his fraternity house room, pulling an all-nighter studying.   It's a scene that is playing out at college campuses across the United States.   Alan DeSantis, a professor and researcher at the University of Kentucky, has tracked study drug use there. "It's abused more than marijuana and easier to get," he says. DeSantis' research found that 30% of students at the university have illegally used a stimulant, like the ADHD drugs Adderall or Ritalin. The numbers increase with upperclassmen. Half of all juniors and seniors have used the drugs, the study found, and 80% of upperclassmen in fraternities and sororities have taken them.   Adderall is an amphetamine and can be habit forming. The federal government lists it as a schedule II drug. Drugs in that category have, according to U.S. law "the highest abuse potential and dependence profile of all drugs that have medical utility." 
John was an old man who lived in New York City. John used to work at the Post Office before he quit. John has a grandson named Timmy. Timmy came to visit John and brought his friends David, Roger, and Bill. John gave them each a glass of lemonade to drink.   Timmy wanted his friends to try his grandfather's meat soup. John was known to be a good cook. He enjoyed cooking burgers, fish, pizza, and soup. John's meat soup was his favorite recipe. John asked his grandson to go to the store to buy the food. He wanted Timmy to buy some meat. Timmy took some money from John and went to Kroger. Timmy thought of buying ground beef, chicken, turkey, and sausage. He bought three pounds of ground beef. He took it back to John, who had started making the soup in his kitchen.   John cooked the ground beef and added it to the soup. They let the soup cook for two hours and then John tested it to see if it was ready to eat. The soup tasted delicious. Timmy and his friends loved it and told John they would be back for more.
Today we tell about Louisa May Alcott. She wrote . In 1868, an American publisher asked Louisa May Alcott to write a book for girls. At first, she was not sure if she wanted to do it. She said she didn't like girls. However, she decided to write the book finally. She told about her experiences growing up in the northeast of the United States. The book was quite interesting. became one of the most popular children's books in American literature. It was published in more than 50 languages. Alcott was born in Pennsylvania in 1832. The Alcotts did not have much money. She tried teaching, sewing and taking care of children. She did not like any of these jobs. At the age of 16, she wrote her first book, . Her stories were exciting, but unreal. She sold them to newspapers and magazines for money. The first volume of came out in 1868. It made Alcott famous and get a lot of money. She continued writing other popular books for young people. These books included , and . Alcott wrote many exciting stories about love. But she was single all her life. She continued to help her family during the last years of her life.
Gillette said Saturday it was "limiting" golfer Tiger Woods' role in its marketing programs to give him the privacy he needs to work on family relationships after disclosures of his "infidelity."   In a statement, the Boston, Massachusetts-based body grooming company said it supports Woods' decision to take "an indefinite break" from professional golf. On his Web site Friday, Woods admitted to infidelity and said he was taking a break from the sport to focus on his family.   "In the midst of a difficult and unfortunate situation, we respect the action Tiger is taking to restore the trust of his family, friends and fans," Gillette spokesman Mike Norton said in the statement. "We fully support him stepping back from his professional career and taking the time he needs to do what matters most. We wish him and his family the best.   "As Tiger takes a break from the public eye, we will support his desire for privacy by limiting his role in our marketing programs," Norton said.   Woods' Friday posting said: "After much soul searching, I have decided to take an indefinite break from professional golf. I need to focus my attention on being a better husband, father and person."   "I am deeply aware of the disappointment and hurt that my infidelity has caused to so many people, most of all my wife and children," Woods' statement said. "I want to say again to everyone that I am profoundly sorry and that I ask forgiveness. It may not be possible to repair the damage I've done, but I want to do my best to try." 
Musa teaches English at Chunmiao Primary School in Wuhan. He had never heard of China's idol of selflessness before he arrived in the country, but this unusual young man from Nigeria is carrying on the good work of China's hero soldier.   Musa's week begins with a crowded two-hour bus ride for a flag-raising ceremony at Chunmiao Primary School with old classrooms for the children of migrant workers on the outside parts of Wuhan.An hour later, he steps in front of a room full of expectant students, some of whom recently organized a dance exhibition for their foreign teacher.   The dance showed the spirit of Lei Feng (1940-1962), a soldier who was idolized across China for his selflessness. It was especially meaningful to Musa because the students call him "foreign Lei Feng".   "I know Lei Feng, he is a good man. Everyone should learn from Lei Feng," he says.   Born to a family of diplomats in 1985, he is the second of nine children and the eldest son. Musa was expected to become a diplomat like his father, who worked in Canada from 2007.In 2008, Musa was picked by Nigeria's Ministry of Foreign Affairs to study in China for a master's degree in sociology . With the hope of joining the foreign service, he then went on to study for a doctor's degree in international relations at Central China Normal University.
"Ceci, wake up. It's an earthquake!" That's what Cecilia Wallace heard her mother shouting on the early morning of February 27th.   Cecilia is a 7th-grader. She, her parents and her brother, Sam, were in Chile's capital city, Santiago, the day a big earthquake hit Chile. And like just about everyone else, they were shaken out of their sleep.   "It was so frightening," Sam wrote. "The shaking was so huge that I will never go on a ride again." Cecilia and Sam wrote about their earthquake experiences. Their reports were later posted on the website.   Cecilia, Sam and their parents were staying in an apartment on the 15th floor of a building. They were lucky. Their building stayed standing, because it was built to withstand earthquakes.   Not everyone was as lucky as the Wallace family. More than 800 people died. Many older buildings fell down during the earthquake.   The damage in Santiago wasn't as bad as in other parts of Chile. So the supermarkets were open for business on the morning of the quake. But it wasn't business as usual. "The supermarkets have been crazy with people rushing to buy their food for the next while," Sam wrote.   Not everyone was able to get money to buy food that morning. So Cecilia and Sam made food bags to _ to people who were begging outside the supermarket. "We gave some to a kid of my age. I made sure he got cookies and bread." Sam and Cecilia's mother wrote that the kids also collected money for the Red Cross.   It's certainly an experience Cecilia, Sam and their parents will never forget. Thankfully, they lived to tell their stories.
A study by the World Institute for Development Economics Research at United Nations University reports that the richest 1% of adults alone owned 40% of global assets in the year 2000. The three richest people in the world possess more financial assets than the lowest 48 nations combined. The combined wealth of the "10 million dollar millionaires" grew to nearly $41 trillion in 2008. A January 2014 report by Oxfam claims that the 85 wealthiest individuals in the world have a combined wealth equal to that of the bottom 50% of the world's population, or about 3.5 billion people. According to a Los Angeles Times analysis of the report, the wealthiest 1% owns 46% of the world's wealth; the 85 richest people, a small part of the wealthiest 1%, own about 0.7% of the human population's wealth, which is the same as the bottom half of the population. More recently, in January 2015, Oxfam reported that the wealthiest 1 percent will own more than half of the global wealth by 2016. An October 2014 study by Credit Suisse also claims that the top 1% now own nearly half of the world's wealth and that the accelerating disparity could trigger a recession. In October 2015, Credit Suisse published a study which shows global inequality continues to increase, and that half of the world's wealth is now in the hands of those in the top percentile, whose assets each exceed $759,900. A 2016 report by Oxfam claims that the 62 wealthiest individuals own as much wealth as the poorer half of the global population combined. Oxfam's claims have however been questioned on the basis of the methodology used: by using net wealth (adding up assets and subtracting debts), the Oxfam report, for instance, finds that there are more poor people in the United States and Western Europe than in China (due to a greater tendency to take on debts).[unreliable source?][unreliable source?] Anthony Shorrocks, the lead author of the Credit Suisse report which is one of the sources of Oxfam's data, considers the criticism about debt to be a "silly argument" and "a non-issue . . . a diversion."
A Florida judge's ruling Wednesday will allow a foreign-born high school basketball player who was ruled ineligible and his team to compete in the playoffs, even though they could ultimately be stripped of any title they win.   Miami-Dade Circuit Judge Spencer Eig temporarily barred the Florida High School Athletic Association from disqualifying Brian Delancy, who was born in the Bahamas, and Dr. Michael M. Krop Senior High School from the district playoffs, which begin Thursday.   Delancy "is very happy and relieved and he feels happy for his teammates," said attorney David Baron, who helped represent the athlete, 19, and two other players.   The board of the athletic association, which said Krop did not file proper paperwork on Delancy's eligibility and immigration status, on Tuesday ruled he was ineligible and that the top-ranked team must forfeit the 19 games it won when the senior guard played.   Eig did not rule on Delancy's eligibility, but granted a temporary injunction to allow Krop to play until a full slate of hearings and appeals can take place within the athletic association,   Roger Dearing, the association's executive director, said it was too late to appeal Eig's ruling and Krop will compete.   But, he said, the ruling is not the end of the matter.   Dearing said the association will hear new appeals after the tournament, likely in April.   Now that Krop is in the playoffs, North Miami High School will be bumped from the four-team field in the district playoffs, Dearing said.   "There is no win for kids here," said Dearing. "What about the schools that played fair?" 
Anne and Joseph are talking about an interesting question. Why do some people change their names? There can be many reasons. Hanna changed her name to Anne because she thought it would be easier for people to remember. On the other hand, Joseph is thinking about changing his name to an unusual name because he wants to be different.   People have a lot of reasons for changing their names. Film stars, singers, sportsmen and some other famous people often change their names because they want names that are not ordinary, or that have special sound. They chose the "new name" for themselves instead of the name their parents gave them when they were born.   Some people have another reason for changing their names. They have moved to a new country and want to use a name that is usual there. For example, Li Kaiming changed his name to Ken Lee when he moved to the United States. He uses the name Ken at his job and at school. But with his family and Chinese friends, he uses Li Kaiming. For some people, using different names makes life easier in their new country.   In many countries, a woman changes her family name to her husband's after she gets married. But today, many women are keeping their own family name and not using their husband's. Sometimes, women use their own name in some situations and their husband's in other situations. And some use both their own name and their husband's.
Elmore Leonard is something of a living legend among lovers of crime fiction. A favorite of millions of readers, a hero to scores of writers, he's been called "America's greatest crime writer." The 86-year old author has been writing bestselling books for sixty years, mostly Westerns and crime novels. Many of them have been turned into hit movies, including "3:10 to Yuma," "Get Shorty" and "Out of Sight."   Now, Leonard returns to one of his favorite characters in his newest book, his 45th novel to be exact, titled simply, "Raylan." That would be U.S. Marshal Raylan Givens. The laid back, Stetson-wearing lawman first appeared in Leonard's novels, "Pronto" and "Riding the Rap" and again in the 2001 short story, "Fire in the Hole" which became the basis for the hit TV show, "Justified," starring Timothy Olyphant as the title character. The actor and the show are winning over fans, critics and Leonard himself. So much so that Leonard has returned to writing about "Raylan."   The book just hit store shelves the same week the show had its third season premiere. Leonard, gracious and unassuming, shows no signs of slowing down at this point in his career.   The author spoke to CNN from his home in Michigan. The following is an edited transcript.   CNN: What brought you back to Raylan?   Leonard: I've always liked him. He's just one of my favorites. Now when I see him on the screen I can't believe it. He acts exactly the way I write him. He's so laid back and he always has the best line in the scene. He's perfect, boy. The way he talks I hear him just the way I heard him when I'm writing it. He's kind of laid back but if you call him on anything, he says, "if I have to pull my gun I will shoot to kill," and he's serious about that but he doesn't have to sound that serious, he just states it. 
Oscar-winning actress Celeste Holm died at her home in New York on Sunday at the age of 95, her niece, Amy Phillips, confirmed.   Holm, a star of the Broadway stage and movies, was admitted to New York's Roosevelt Hospital a week ago, but her husband took her home to her Manhattan home on Friday, Phillips said.   "She passed peacefully in her home in her own bed with her husband and friends and family nearby," she said.   Holm won the best supporting actress Academy Award for "Gentleman's Agreement" in 1947. She was nominated for the same honor in 1949 for "Come to the Stable" and 1950 for "All about Eve," according to the Academy database.   Holm's stage career began in 1936 in a Deer Lake, Pennsylvania, stock company, which led to an understudy role in a touring production of "Hamlet" with Leslie Howard, according to her official biography.   Her Broadway debut in "The Time of Your Life" in 1939 was a small part, but it brought her to the attention of New York critics. Four years later, she was cast as Ado Annie in the smash "Oklahoma!" because of her ability to "sing bad," the biography said.   She signed a long-term contract with 20th Century Fox that began her film career in 1945, after she toured Europe entertaining troops with the USO. Her first Fox movie was "Three Little Girls in Blue" in 1946, a supporting role that earned her star billing for the musical "Carnival in Costa Rica" in 1947. 
The rule of law is the legal principle that law should govern a nation, as opposed to being governed by arbitrary decisions of individual government officials. It primarily refers to the influence and authority of law within society, particularly as a constraint upon behaviour, including behaviour of government officials. The phrase can be traced back to 16th century Britain, and in the following century the Scottish theologian Samuel Rutherford used the phrase in his argument against the divine right of kings. The rule of law was further popularized in the 19th century by British jurist A. V. Dicey. The concept, if not the phrase, was familiar to ancient philosophers such as Aristotle, who wrote "Law should govern".   Rule of law implies that every citizen is subject to the law, including law makers themselves. In this sense, it stands in contrast to an autocracy, dictatorship, or oligarchy where the rulers are held above the law. Lack of the rule of law can be found in both democracies and dictatorships, for example because of neglect or ignorance of the law, and the rule of law is more apt to decay if a government has insufficient corrective mechanisms for restoring it. Government based upon the rule of law is called nomocracy.
Dick was driving a large American car. As soon as the race started, he pulled out in front. As the race went on, he kept the first place. And he was far ahead of Wilson, the man in the second place. When the race was almost over, some people stood up and left. "Why did stay?" they thought. They were sure they knew who would win. But things did not go as they thought. A strange noise came from Dick's car. It slowed down. Something was wrong. Dick knew his car would not go far. His only hope was that he would make it to the finish. But on his last lap , the car stopped. Wilson's car roared by. Dick saw it go by. He knew he could not win now. "But I can finish the race," he thought. And he got out of his car. So did his assistant. They began to push the car to the finish. Wilson went by them again and again. He was on his last lap. He was going to win. Dick and his friend did not care. They went on pushing. At first, all eyes were on Wilson. He crossed the line. And the race was over. He won! Dick and his friend pushed on. At last, the car crossed the line. By then all the people shouted for them. They shouted more than they did for Wilson. This was a different kind of winner!
Three friends, Tom, David and John, came to New York for their holiday. They stayed in a very large hotel. Their room was on the 45thfloor. In the evening, the three men went to the cinema and came back to the hotel very late. "I'm very sorry," said the man of the hotel, "but our lifts do not work tonight. If you don't want to walk up to your room, I'll make beds for you in the hall . " "No, thanks," said Tom, "we don't want to sleep in the hall. We will walk up to the 45thfloor. But I know how to make it easier. On the way to our room, I'll tell you some jokes. Then you, David, will sing us some songs. Then you, John, will tell us some stories, all right?" So they began to walk upstairs. Tom told them many jokes. David sang them some songs. At last they came to the 34thfloor. They were tired and had a rest. "Well," said Tom. "Now it's your turn, John. After all these jokes and songs, tell us a long and interesting story with a sad ending. " "OK, I'll tell a sad story," said John, "It's not long but very sad. I forgot to bring the key to our room with me. It's still in the hall. "
The rapper Common wants to take hip-hop in a new direction, he says, and he has an unsuspecting ally -- President-elect Barack Obama.   Common says he was looking for a new sound on his eighth album, "Universal Mind Control."   Obama "is going to change hip-hop for the better," predicted the rapper, whose eighth album, "Universal Mind Control" (G.O.O.D. Music/Geffen), hits shelves Tuesday.   "I really do believe we as hip-hop artists pick up what's going on in the world and try to reflect that," he told CNN, outlining his belief that mainstream as well as so-called "conscious" rappers -- the more socially aware -- will pick up on what he sees as the more optimistic prospects of an Obama presidency.   "I think hip-hop artists will have no choice but to talk about different things and more positive things, and try to bring a brighter side to that because, even before Barack, I think people had been tired of hearing the same thing," he said.   Likewise, "Universal Mind Control," with its hook-heavy, synthed-out tracks, represents a "broadening" of hip-hop's audience -- one that demands evolution rather than hackneyed revamps of old beats, rhythms and rhymes, Common said. Listen to clips from the album and Common's interview with CNN.com »   Not that Common, born Lonnie Rashid Lynn Jr., is altogether removed from the temptations of his hip-hop brethren.   He serves as a spokesman for Lincoln Navigator and purports on his new album to "rebel in YSL," a reference to designer Yves Saint Laurent. Money is also a weakness, as Common -- No. 14 on Forbes magazine's 2008 list of richest rappers -- regularly invokes the greenbacks he makes and spends. iReport.com: Talk Grammy Awards and more showbiz with Todd 
Pierre is a 25-year-old penguin at the California Academy of Sciences.Due to his old age,he was going bald,which made him feel too cold to swim in the pool.Therefore,biologists at the academy had a wetsuit created for this penguin to help him get back in the swimming pool.   Unlike marine mammals,which have a layer of blubber to keep them warm,penguins depend on their waterproof feathers.Without them,Pierre was unwilling to jump into the swimming pool and ended up trembling on the side of the pool while his 19 peers played in the water.   "He was cold:he would shake,"said Pam Schaller,a senior biologist.Schaller first tried a heat lamp to keep Pierre warm.Then she got another idea:if wetsuits keep humans warm in the cold Pacific,why not make one for Pierre?   Schaller designed the suit,which covered Pierre's body and had small openings for his flippers.   "I would walk behind him and look at where there were any gaps.and cut and refit until it looked like it was extremely suitable."she said.   One concern was that the other penguins would reject Pierre in his new suit,but in fact,they accepted his new look.He swam freely and got along with others well,although he was the only penguin with a black stomach.   Schaller couldn't say for sure whether the wetsuit allowed Pierre to recover his fine feathers,but" certainly we were able to keep him comfortable during a period of time that would have been very difficult for him to stay comfortable".   Pierre will take off his suit after his new feathers grow back.
It was a great day for a picnic and a picnic was a great way to start the summer holiday. Fred brought his classmates John and Betty to a wonderful picnic place. After lunch, John said they should play football. When the ball came to Fred, he kicked it into some long grass. "I'll get it," he said and hurried off to find the ball. Moments later after there was a shout and out came Fred holding his leg. "I've been bitten by a snake!" As the others rushed over to help, Fred laughing. "Ha! I'm not really hurt." But Betty didn't laugh, "I can't believe you did that, Fred. I was really frighten for you." The friends then decided to go for a swim. John and Betty jumped into the water. Fred was standing on a long rock by the riverbank and said, "Watch and jump" They shouted excitedly as he went under the water, but as the seconds passed he didn't come back to the top. The friends became worried. Suddenly they heard Fred's laugh. "Won't you ever learn? I swam behind this tree when I jumped." "Very funny, Fred?" said John angrily. "Anyway, I'm feeling tired and I'm going for a sleep." Betty joined him. Fred, however, moved to a narrow part of the river and jumped in. Although he was a good swimmer, the water there was moving much faster and Fred found himself being _ away. He managed to catch hold of a tree, but he was very tired now and with the water still moving fast, couldn't pull himself out. Back at the picnic place, as Betty and John were preparing to sleep, they heard Fred's cries for help. John looked at Betty and said, "Does he really think we're so foolish? Wake me up in an hour. It'll be time to go back home then."
JAKARTA, INDONESIA ---Walking with long steps and his smile lighting up a rainy afternoon, Barack Obama seems to have arrived to visit a school he attended as a boy.But wait.He's not real Obama.The US president is back in Washington, D.C..   So who is this guy?He's IIham Anas,34,magazine photographer who has taken advantage of his perfect resemblance to Obama and turned it into his own wealth.[   Since 2007, Anas' s face and big smile have been seen on Southeast Asian TV and the Internet, and in advertisements.Anas's resemblance to the president has turned his life around 180 degrees.   When his sister first mentioned the resemblance, _ .Then a friend asked him to pose as Obama in front of a US flag.He also refused."I'm a photographer, not an object for the camera," he said.   However, as soon as he accepted the idea, his career took off.The father of two children is rarely at home these days.Recently a group of reporters followed him on a tour of the school Obama once attended.Anas sat in the classroom where the present US president once studied.He spoke a few lines in English.The moment he opened his mouth, however, the differences became clear."Obama is a baritone ,"Anas said."I'm not.I sound like a little boy." He is also shorter than the president, but he makes up for that by practicing Obama's typical actions.   He used to dislike looking into the mirror because of his average appearance.Now he no longer considers himself as an average guy, but a superstar.Looking like a president is a good thing, Anas says."How else could a person like me travel the world and meet all kinds of people? I'm really just a shy guy."   He says he has made a request to meet President Obama when he arrives, but he hasn't heard back from the president's schedules.   Now, Anas hopes that Obama will win a second term in the White House."The longer he's in office, the longer my fame will last," he said.
Todd lived in a town outside the city . Unlike the city the town was peaceful and quiet and full of trees, flowers and animals. One day his dad came in from work and said "Come on, son, I'm going to take you to the city." Todd was very exited so he put on his shoes and ran to the car. When they got to the city Todd was very surprised there were so many cars and people, everyone seemed to be in a hurry. There were no trees, no flowers, and no animals. Todd was so happy to get back home. When his mom asked him about his trip to the city Todd said,"There's no place like home."
An Alaskan beat out 300 hirsute competitors from around the globe to take the top honor at the 2009 World Beard and Moustache Championships on Saturday.   Dan Sederowsky of Sweden shows off his moustache in Anchorage.   David Traver may have had home-court advantage: He was a favorite of the crowd at the Dena'ina Civic and Convention Center in Anchorage, Alaska, in both the "freestyle" category, where just about anything goes, and the overall championship.   His winning move? He wove his beard into a basket-like cone that resembled a snowshoe.   There were 17 officially sanctioned categories in the competition: eight styles of moustache, four varieties of partial beard and goatee combinations, and five categories of full beards.   The facial hair Olympics got its start in 1990 in Germany, and the German team typically dominates the event. Photo gallery: best beards and moustaches »   This year's contest is the second time the World Beard and Moustache Championships have been held in the United States -- Carson City, Nevada, hosted the event in 2003. Video: Contestants strut their stuff in Anchorage »   Since 1995, the contest has been held every two years. This year, competitors from 14 nations showed off their whiskers for the judges and a raucous crowd at the Anchorage venue.   Karl-Heinz Hille of Germany came in second overall with a first-place finish in the Imperial Partial Beard category, and Jack Passion of San Francisco, California, placed third overall with his winning entry in the Natural Full Beard category.   
Information and Communications Technology (ICT) is an extended term for information communication technology (ICT) which stresses the role of unified communications and the integration of telecommunications (telephone lines and wireless signals), computers as well as necessary enterprise software, middleware, storage, and audio-visual systems, which enable users to access, store, transmit, and manipulate information.   The term "ICT" is also used to refer to the convergence of audio-visual and telephone networks with computer networks through a single cabling or link system. There are large economic incentives (huge cost savings due to elimination of the telephone network) to merge the telephone network with the computer network system using a single unified system of cabling, signal distribution and management.   However, ICT has no universal definition, as "the concepts, methods and applications involved in ICT are constantly evolving on an almost daily basis." The broadness of ICT covers any product that will store, retrieve, manipulate, transmit or receive information electronically in a digital form, e.g. personal computers, digital television, email, robots. For clarity, Zuppo provided an ICT hierarchy where all levels of the hierarchy "contain some degree of commonality in that they are related to technologies that facilitate the transfer of information and various types of electronically mediated communications". Skills Framework for the Information Age is one of many models for describing and managing competencies for ICT professionals for the 21st century.
Way back in 1662,John Evelyn,a brilliant Englishman known for his detailed diaries,wrote   About disastrous effects of coal-burning on the city of London .In it,he described an infernal scene of   smog.air filled with "Columns and Clouds of Smoke''given out by small industries and residences   that burned coal for fuel.   I found the description in the 2003 book When Smoke Ran like Water,by epidemiologist and environmental advocator Devra Davis.In it,Davis looks back at several historic pollution events and their disastrous effect on human human health-and at how these phenomena were often Ignored or even actively covered up by then people in charge at that time.   As Davis points out,John Evelyn was ahead of his time when writing about how London's   polluted air affected the well-being of its residents.It wasn't until nearly 300 years later,after what   became well-known as the Great Smog of 1952,that the government began to address the problem in a systematic way.   For four days.Between December 5th"and 9th",due to all accident of the weather pattern,the city   was buried in a heavy fog .People were still burning coal for fuel,and low-grade coal at that time,   because 0f wartime condition.A temperature inversion trapped the smoke from the city's fires,   creating a black cloud in which people could barely find their way down the most familiar streets   Some tried to protect themselves,but most people simply went about their business   But l952's fog was far worse than any other in memory.In the same week of the previous year,   1852 people had died in London;inl952,that number was 4703 And the deaths didn't stop when   the weather changed and the fog lifted.Davis and her colleagues analyzed data from the next several   months and found that about 13000 more people died between December and March than one would   have predicted from historical averages Many of them died of pneumonia .The government,   she writes.Tried to blame a bad flu season.Her detailed analysis found that explanation simply did   not pan out.   Davis writes that even today in this country ,we still have not completely absorbed the lessons   0f similar events.Sixty years the killer fog lifted in London,people are dying preventable   deaths and suffering life.changing illnesses,simply because they must breathe the air of the cities   where they live
Switzerland (/ˈswɪtsərlənd/), officially the Swiss Confederation (Latin: Confoederatio Helvetica, hence its abbreviation CH), is a country in Europe. While still named the "Swiss Confederation" for historical reasons, modern Switzerland is a federal directorial republic consisting of 26 cantons, with Bern as the seat of the federal authorities, called Bundesstadt ("federal city").[note 3] The country is situated in Western and Central Europe,[note 4] and is bordered by Italy to the south, France to the west, Germany to the north, and Austria and Liechtenstein to the east. Switzerland is a landlocked country geographically divided between the Alps, the Swiss Plateau and the Jura, spanning an area of 41,285 km2 (15,940 sq mi). While the Alps occupy the greater part of the territory, the Swiss population of approximately 8 million people is concentrated mostly on the Plateau, where the largest cities are to be found: among them are the two global and economic centres, Zürich and Geneva.
The brain is an organ that serves as the center of the nervous system in all vertebrate and most invertebrate animals. Only a few invertebrates such as sponges, jellyfish, adult sea squirts and starfish do not have a brain; diffuse or localised nerve nets are present instead. The brain is located in the head, usually close to the primary sensory organs for such senses as vision, hearing, balance, taste, and smell. The brain is the most complex organ in a vertebrate's body. In a typical human, the cerebral cortex (the largest part) is estimated to contain 15–33 billion neurons, each connected by synapses to several thousand other neurons. These neurons communicate with one another by means of long protoplasmic fibers called axons, which carry trains of signal pulses called action potentials to distant parts of the brain or body targeting specific recipient cells.   Physiologically, the function of the brain is to exert centralized control over the other organs of the body. The brain acts on the rest of the body both by generating patterns of muscle activity and by driving the secretion of chemicals called hormones. This centralized control allows rapid and coordinated responses to changes in the environment. Some basic types of responsiveness such as reflexes can be mediated by the spinal cord or peripheral ganglia, but sophisticated purposeful control of behavior based on complex sensory input requires the information integrating capabilities of a centralized brain.
The War of 1812 (18121815) was a conflict fought between the United States, the United Kingdom, and their respective allies. Historians in Britain often see it as a minor theater of the Napoleonic Wars; in the United States and Canada, it is seen as a war in its own right.   Since the outbreak of war with Napoleonic France, Britain had enforced a naval blockade to choke off neutral trade to France, which the United States contested as illegal under international law. To man the blockade, Britain impressed American merchant sailors into the Royal Navy. Incidents such as the "Chesapeake–Leopard" Affair inflamed anti-British sentiment. In 1811, the British were in turn outraged by the "Little Belt" Affair, in which 11 British sailors died. British political support for a Native American buffer state, which conducted raids on American settlers on the frontier, hindered American expansion. On June 18, 1812, President James Madison, after receiving heavy pressure from the War Hawks in Congress, signed the American declaration of war into law. Senior figures such as Lord Liverpool and Lord Castlereagh believed it to have been an opportunistic ploy to annex Canada while Britain was fighting a war with France. The view was shared in much of New England.
Alice's Adventures in Wonderland is one of the most loved children's books of all time, and many adults enjoy it as well. It tells the story of a young girl named Alice, who follows a rabbit entering a magical world called Wonderland: she has many experiences which seem to change the rules of reasoning or common sense. The popularity of the book comes from its imagination, interesting story, and art work. The writer of the book is Lewis Carroll. In fact, Lewis Carroll was not the writer's real name. His real name was Charles Dodgson. One day, he took a boat ride down the Thames River to have a picnic with three little girls who were friends of the family. To keep them entertained on the ride, he told them a story in which Alice, the middle child, was the main character. They enjoyed the story very much. Charles later wrote the story down under the name Alice's Adventures under Ground and gave it to Alice as a Christmas present. Later, he gave a copy to his friend George MacDonald. George read it to his children and they loved it. George suggested to Charles that he make a book from his story. Charles then wrote more parts to the story until it was around 35,000 words. It was first printed in 1866, with art work by John Tenniel, under the name Alice's Adventures in Wonderland. The book was an immediate success. One of its first fans was Queen Victoria. She immediately requested a collection of all of Lewis Carroll's works. She was surprised to find that they included many works on math. In fact, Charles Dodgson was a highly respected mathematician. This can be seen in many puzzles and plays on reasoning that appear in his books and poems. Since the story was first printed, it has kept selling up to the present day. It has been translated into over fifty languages and has had several movies based on it. The story is even mentioned in the popular 1999 film The Matrix by the character Morpheus.
Lucy Li is only an 11-year-old girl, but she's the youngest person to qualify for a US Women's Open Golf Tournament . She qualified for the US Women's Open in May 2014. And today she is playing with some of the best female golfers in the world. Earlier this week Li said that she wasn't nervous . "I just want to have fun and play the best I can and I really don't care about the result. I can learn a lot from these great players." Li doesn't spend all her time golfing. Her favourite subjects are Maths, History, and Science and she loves to read. She also loves medicine, diving, badminton, dancing and table tennis. But golf is her favourite sport. "I like golf because it's different from other sports. Anybody can play it," she said. Some golfers are worried that Li isn't quite ready. "When I found out she qualified, I said, where does she go from here? You qualify for an Open at 11, and what do you do next? If it was my daughter, I wouldn't let her play in the US Open at 11, but that's just me," said world champion Stacy Lewis.
Edgar Hernandez didn't expect to learn that he was pre-diabetic at age 16.   When his mother burst into tears at the doctor's office, it hit him hard. He was 370 pounds and couldn't stand to look at himself.   It was tough being a fat kid, but things became unbearable in high school. Edgar was seeing a therapist for depression symptoms. He was frequently bullied in gym class. Kids would point at his "fat wobbling everywhere," especially as he struggled to keep up.   "I tried my best to ignore it. But there were times when I just gave in and started crying," said Edgar, who lives in a suburb of St. Louis and is now 18.   Everyone in his family had a weight problem; his parents developed type 2 diabetes in their forties. But Edgar was the biggest.   "He would eat two really big burritos or sandwiches a day, packed with cheese, sour cream, a lot of bread, butter," his older brother Mario said. "He would be watching TV, playing video games."   After receiving the sobering blood test result at the doctor's office, Edgar went home and cried. And then something new happened: He owned up to his weight problem.   "It was time to stop blaming others for my choices and make a choice to take responsibility," he said.   He dried his tears, threw on his jacket and began jogging. He only got about half a mile before he stopped and threw up.   That was a year and a half ago. Edgar, who is 5-foot-9, went on to drop nearly 200 pounds. He now weighs 185 pounds. He has traded his double-XL shirts and size 48 pants for medium T-shirts and 33-inch pants. 
Nelson Mandela, anti-apartheid icon, Nobel peace laureate and South Africa's first black president, celebrated his 90th birthday Friday by doing something he had indicated he would not do again -- grant an interview to journalists.   Mandela sits at the 6th Nelson Mandela Lecture in Soweto, Johannesburg.   A cheerful-looking Mandela welcomed CNN's Robyn Curnow, along with reporters from two other organizations, into the sitting room of his home in Qunu, a small village in the rolling hills of South Africa's eastern Cape region where he grew up.   "What day is this?" Mandela joked, pretending not to realize it was his birthday.   He used a smile to dodge Curnow's first question of what was his favorite memory from his long life. He did say he was very happy to have lived to be 90.   Mandela credited his longevity to the way he conducted his life. He is known to be disciplined with his diet and exercise.   Asked if, in hindsight, he wishes he had spent more time with his family, he answered yes.   "I don't regret it because the things that attracted me were things that pleased my soul."   Graca Machel, whom he married on his 80th birthday, sat nearby and Mandela was surrounded by grandchildren. Watch what Mandela's grandchildren have to say »   Mandela then lamented the gap between rich and poor in South Africa.   "Poverty still grips our people. If you're poor, you're not likely to live for long," he said. Watch CNN's Mandela interview »   This was Mandela's first meeting with reporters since he announced in 2004 that he would give no more interviews. While he stayed out of the spotlight over the last four years, he has stayed busy with his charitable causes. 
Something caught my eyes when I was walking down the street. Two silver coins were shining in a melting snow bank, so I dug through the snow looking for more. Of course, I just ended up with really cold hands. I slipped the two coins into my pocket and went home, colder but richer. I began to think about how to spend the money... Two days later, Mary and her little sister were searching the snow banks. "Finders are keepers" was my first thought. I didn't want to hand them out even though Susy was already crying. " I dropped them right here," she said between tears. Her hands were cold and red for digging in the snow. Maybe they slid down the street with the melting snow. Let's dig over here." Mary's voice sounded confident. "They'll never know" was my second thought, and I walked past them. " Phil, have you seen two sliver coins?" asked Mary. Susy looked up from digging. _ . "Tell a lie" was my third thought. "As a matter of fact," I hesitated ,"I dug two coins out of that snow bank just a few days ago. I wondered who might have lost them." Susy hugged me with a big smile, "Oh, thank you, thank you."
Saint Pierre and Miquelon, officially the Overseas Collectivity of Saint Pierre and Miquelon, is a self-governing territorial overseas collectivity of France, situated in the northwestern Atlantic Ocean near the Newfoundland and Labrador province of Canada. It is the only part of New France that remains under French control, with an area of 242 km and a population of 6,080 at the January 2011 census.   The islands are situated at the entrance of Fortune Bay, which extends into the southwestern coast of Newfoundland, near the Grand Banks. They are from Brest, the nearest point in Metropolitan France, but only from the Burin Peninsula of Newfoundland.   Saint-Pierre is French for Saint Peter, the patron saint of fishermen.   The present name of Miquelon was first noted in the form of "Micquelle" in the Basque sailor Martin de Hoyarçabal's navigational pilot for Newfoundland. It has been claimed that the name "Miquelon" is a Basque form of Michael; Mikel and Mikels are usually named Mikelon in the Basque Country. Therefore, from Mikelon it may have been written in the French way with a "q" instead of a "k".   Though the Basque Country is divided between Spain and France, most Basques live on the south side of the border and speak Spanish, and Miquelon may have been influenced by the Spanish name Miguelón, an augmentative form of Miguel meaning "big Michael". The adjoined island's name of "Langlade" is said to be an adaptation of "l'île à l'Anglais" (Englishman's Island).
Sydney is a young city. Its history goes back just over 200 years. But in Australia, it is the oldest city. It is also the country' s largest city. Sydney is the capital of New South Wales and the most popular city of Australia. The climate of Sydney is very good. It' s not too cold during the winter and not too hot during the summer. The sky is blue, the air is fresh, and birds sing in the garden. People who live in Sydney seem to have an easy life style. They will tell you, "Don't worry. " Many people think that Sydney is one of the most attractive cities in the world. It has many tall and modern buildings. Among them, Center point Tower is the tallest. Standing on the 305-metre(80 storeys)tower, you will have a great view of the city. Sydney is famous for its deep harbor . The harbor has many bays and beautiful surf beaches. Among them, Bondi beach is the most popular. Sydney Harbor is not only beautiful, it also serves as a large port. Ships carry wool, wheat and meat from Sydney to other countries. People living in Sydney like to call themselves Sydneysiders. They are mostly friendly and easygoing. When they are not working, they love to have a good time at the beach, swimming and sailing.
Sam's granddad was going to take Sam and his two brothers, James and Evan on vacation. They could choose to go to the lake or the beach. If they chose the lake, they would get to go on their granddad's boat. If they chose the beach, there would be sand to dig in. All three boys began to clap and cheer for the beach! The boys left their house in their granddad's van to drive to the beach. They drove by their school on the way. The boys were glad to be out for the summer. On the road, the boys played a game. Whoever counted the most big trucks would be the winner. James counted one hundred and five trucks. This was more than Sam or Evan counted. Evan pointed out the window at a man dressed all in black riding a black motorcycle. The man had a long beard. When they got to the beach, their granddad told them to put on sunscreen so they would not get sun burned. The boys grabbed their pails and shovels and ran down on to the sand near the water. Their granddad brought a chair to sit on and a large umbrella to give him shade. He also brought some noodles for the boys to float on if they went into the water. Sam found a piece of wood washed up on the beach. He used it make a bridge over large hole that the boys had dug.
Children who spend more time reading with their parents have a greater chance of becoming better readers than those who don't. With help from their parents, children can learn techniques to improve their reading skills.   "A lot of parents think after their child learns to read, they should stop reading to them," Donna George said. "They are sadly mistaken."   George offers her services to parents at the Title I Learning Centers. She said reading aloud to children may be the most valuable thing parents can do. "It is better for children to hear things at a higher level than where they are," George said. "Parents are their child's first teacher." Parents help their children build listening, phonics , comprehension and vocabulary skills when they read aloud to them.   Before parents can identify reading problems, they should escape the enemy----television and limit the time their children spend watching television. George suggested not allowing kids to have a TV in their bedrooms, setting a schedule of when kids can watch or keeping a list of how many programs children watch. Louise Joiners said while her 14-year-old daughter and 10-year-old son enjoy reading, the television sometimes becomes a _ . So she tries to build the situation by suggesting books the entire family will enjoy reading together, like the Harry Potter series.   Parents who do not read themselves should not depend on their children being enthusiastic about it. If parents would read to their children at least 15 minutes every day, children would not have so many problems in school. It is the parents' job to help build that desire in their children, and of course to know what kind of books to read is also important.
On June 26, 2000, two scientists, called Francis Collins and Craig Venter, told the world that they could read the whole "map" of the human body: DNA. DNA is something that everybody has, and it tells the body what to do. DNA is the reason that we look like our mother and father, because we get some of their DNA to make our own. People have been trying to understand the human body for a long time. In 1860, Gregor Mendel discovered a special reason why we look the same as other people in our family. It is because of small things named "genes" in our body. In 1953, James Watson and Francis Crick made another discovery and found out that those small parts are real messages written in the DNA with a special language. In 1961, Marshall Nirenberg and Johann Matthaci found a message in DNA showing how DNA tells the cell to build its parts. Scientists have now found all the words in the DNA map, but we still do not understand what they all do. By understanding what just one "word" means, we can help save more people from several illnesses. Most people hope that this will help make better medicine and help sick people. Other people worry that when people begin to know more words and find out lots of other information, we might use it in a wrong way, just to make people more attractive, or stop sick people from getting jobs. Man would have to meet a lot of trouble if DNA technic wasn't limited in use.
One hot summer day in August my family and I wanted to go to the beach. We had not gone to the beach in a very long time and felt that today was a great day to do it.   We piled everyone into the car-my mom, my dad, my sister, my dog, and me. I begged mom and dad to let me sit in the front seat, but they said no. I had to sit next to the smelly dog instead for the whole trip.   When we got to the beach and opened the car door our dog raced down to the water to play. I grabbed the large umbrella we brought and walked down to the sand with mom and dad. After we had found a spot, they let me go play in the water.   It felt really good to cool off in the ocean water on such a hot day. As I swam around I saw many cool things, like fish, seaweed, and shells. I brought the interesting shells that I found to a bucket I had on the beach and threw them in. They would be great to add to my collection at home.   When I got tired of swimming, my sister and I wanted to make a sand castle. We built towers using buckets and dug a huge ditch with our shovels. When our castle was complete we were about to take a picture, but then the dog ran it over and smashed it. I was about to yell at the dog, but then mom said it was getting late and we had to go home.   When we got home I was wiped out from playing all day, so I went to sleep almost immediately. It was a very good day that I'll always remember.
Have you ever listened to young children talking in the playground? They are always boasting. They say things like, "My Dad's car is bigger than your Dad's," and "My Mom is smarter than yours." They particularly like to boast about their families. There were three little boys, Harry, Ted and Gavin, who were always boasting. Gavin was the worst. Everything about his family was always the best or the biggest or the most expensive. Whatever the others said, he could always go on better. One day when they were walking to school, Harry said, "My father had a bath twice a week," Ted spoke next. "That's nothing," he said. "Having a bath twice a week is dirty. My father has a bath every day, sometimes twice a day." Ted looked at Gavin. Now it was his turn. But what could he say? "This time," Ted thought, "I'm going to win." Gavin didn't know what to say. He couldn't say that his father had a bath three times a day. That was silly. He walked on in silence. Ted smiled at Harry, and Harry smiled back. They were sure that for once they had beaten Gavin. They reached the school gates. Still Gavin said nothing. "We've won," Ted said to Harry, but he spoke too soon. On the way home, Gavin said, "My Dad is so clean that he doesn't have to bathe at all."
The competition is open to any eligible club down to Levels 10 of the English football league system - all 92 professional clubs in the Premier League and Football League (Levels 1 to 4), and several hundred "non-league" teams in Steps 1 to 6 of the National League System (Levels 5 to 10). A record 763 clubs competed in 2011–12. The tournament consists of 12 randomly drawn rounds followed by the semi-finals and the final. Entrants are not seeded, although a system of byes based on league level ensures higher ranked teams enter in later rounds - the minimum number of games needed to win the competition ranges from six to fourteen.   The first six rounds are the Qualifying Competition, from which 32 teams progress to the first round of the Competition Proper, meeting the first of the 92 professional teams. The last entrants are the Premier League and Championship clubs, into the draw for the Third Round Proper. In the modern era, non-league teams have never reached the quarter finals, and teams below Level 2 have never reached the final.[note 1] As a result, as well as who wins, significant focus is given to those "minnows" (smaller teams) who progress furthest, especially if they achieve an unlikely "giant-killing" victory.
My name is Lisa.I have a bird.She is white.So I call her Xiaobai.Xiaobai is only two years old.She's not big.But she is beautiful and clever.She can speak. One day I go shopping with my sister Gina and Xiaobai.At Green Clothes Store Gina sees a red skirt and says, "Look! Lisa! That red skirt is very beautiful." Xiaobai answers her instead of me, "No.I think you look nice in that green skirt." Gina says, "OK.I listen to you." Then she asks the shop assistant, "How much is the green one?" The shop assistant looks at Xiaobai, opens her mouth but says nothing.At last she says to Gina, "I never see a bird that can speak these words.It's great! You can take this green skirt.Oh, you don't need to pay for it." Gina is very happy.She asks me and my bird to have a big lunch in Leo's Restaurant and then we go home.
Taoism ( or ), also known as Daoism, is a religious or philosophical tradition of Chinese origin which emphasizes living in harmony with the "Tao" (, literally "Way", also romanized as "Dao"). The "Tao" is a fundamental idea in most Chinese philosophical schools; in Taoism, however, it denotes the principle that is the source, pattern and substance of everything that exists. Taoism differs from Confucianism by not emphasizing rigid rituals and social order. Taoist ethics vary depending on the particular school, but in general tend to emphasize "wu wei" (effortless action), "naturalness", simplicity, spontaneity, and the Three Treasures: 慈 "compassion", 儉 "frugality", and 不敢為天下先 "humility".   The roots of Taoism go back at least to the 4th century BCE. Early Taoism drew its cosmological notions from the School of Yinyang (Naturalists), and was deeply influenced by one of the oldest texts of Chinese culture, the "Yijing", which expounds a philosophical system about how to keep human behavior in accordance with the alternating cycles of nature. The "Legalist" Shen Buhai may also have been a major influence, expounding a realpolitik of wu wei. The "Tao Te Ching", a compact book containing teachings attributed to Laozi (), is widely considered the keystone work of the Taoist tradition, together with the later writings of Zhuangzi.
My summer hols wr CWOT. B4, we usd 2 go 2 NY 2C my bro, his GF & thr3:-@ kids FTF. ILNY, it's gr8. Can you understand this sentence? If you can't, don't feel too bad; neither could the middle school teacher in England who received this as homework. This is Netspeak: the language of computerized communication found on Internet or cell phones. To new comers, it can look like a completely foreign language. So, what is the translation of the sentence above? My summer holidays were a complete waste of time. Before, we used to go to New York to see my brother, his girlfriend, and their three screaming kids face to face. I love New York. It's great. School teachers and parents say this new form of writing is harming the English language. Increasing spelling and grammatical mistakes can be seen in students' writing. They fear the language could become corrupted . "Everyone should just relax", say linguists . They believe Netspeak is in fact more of a good thing. David Crystal, from the University of Wales, argues that Netspeak and Internet create a new language use and the almost lost art of diary writing, has been picked up again. Geoffrey Nurberg, from Stanford University, agrees. "People get better at writing by writing," he says. "kids who are now doing text messaging, e-mails, and instant messages will write at least as well as, and possibly better than their parents." Linguist James says, for centuries, it is believed without exception that young people are harming the language. And you can _ that when today's teenagers become tomorrow's parents. They too will think this way. James argues that languages do not and cannot become corrupted. They simply change to meet the new needs. However, Netspeakers do agree that it is important to teach young people how to speak and write standard English. Cynthia McVey says, "I can understand Netspeak worries teachers and it's important that they get across to their pupils that text messaging is for fun, but learning to write proper English is a must for their future." Perhaps we should give teenagers a little more trust anyway. Erin, aged 12, says, "I wouldn't use text language in my homework. Texting is just for fun. "
One day, Jack told his friend. Tom , that he loved a very beautiful girl with charming eyes and long hair, and that he wanted to marry her. Tom was so happy to hear the news and asked Jack to lead him to her. However, Tom loved her at first sight, He then told Jack, "This girl is not suitable for you. She deserves a handsome man like me." Jack was astonished and struggled with Tom until they went to the police to solve the problem.   They told the policeman their story. The policeman asked them to bring the girl to his office.   However, when the policeman saw her, he became taken with her and said, "This girl is not suitable for you two. She deserves someone with a status like me." The three men struggled with each other and then went to the king.   The king asked them to bring him the girl. When the king saw the girl, he said, "Oh, the girl should marry a king like me." They all argued with each other.   Then the girl said, "I have a solution. I'm going to run and you'll run after me. I'll be the wife to the one who catches me first." The four men all agreed and ran after her. While running after her, they suddenly fell into a deep hole. From the top, the girl looked at them and said, "Now, let me tell you who I am."   "I'm Reputation--I'm the one all people run after. They compete against each other to get me . They leave principles aside to seek for me, and they are sure to fall like you !"
In biological classification, class () is:   The composition of each class is determined by a taxonomist. Often there is no exact agreement, with different taxonomists taking different positions. There are no hard rules that a taxonomist needs to follow in describing a class, but for well-known animals there is likely to be consensus.   In botany, classes are now rarely discussed. Since the first publication of the APG system in 1998, which proposed a taxonomy of the flowering plants up to the level of orders, many sources have preferred to treat ranks higher than orders as informal clades. Where formal ranks have been assigned, the ranks have been reduced to a very much lower level, e.g. class Equisitopsida for the land plants, with the major divisions within the class assigned to subclasses and superorders.   For some clades, a number of alternative classifications are used.   The class as a distinct rank of biological classification having its own distinctive name (and not just called a "top-level genus" "(genus summum)" was first introduced by the French botanist Joseph Pitton de Tournefort in his classification of plants that appeared in his "Eléments de botanique", 1694.   In the first edition of his "Systema Naturae" (1735). Carl Linnaeus divided all three of his kingdoms of Nature (minerals, plants, and animals) into classes. Only in the animal kingdom are Linnaeus's classes similar to the classes used today; his classes and orders of plants were never intended to represent natural groups, but rather to provide a convenient "artificial key" according to his "Systema Sexuale", largely based on the arrangement of flowers.
For their nick-of-time acts, Toby, a 2-year-old dog, and Winnie, a cute cat, were named Dog and Cat of the Year by the American Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals.   As Amy Paul choked on a piece of apple at her home, her dog jumped up, landing hard on her chest and forcing the piece in her throat out. When the Keesling family of Indiana was about to be killed by carbon monoxide, their cat clawed at the wife Cathy's hair until she woke up and called for help.   No one could explain their timely heroics.   Both pets were rescued by their owners in _ -----Toby as a 4-week-old thrown into a garbage bin to die, and Winnie as a week-old orphan hiding under a barn, so helpless that Cathy's husband, Eric, had to feed her milk with an eyedropper.   As the Keeslings recalled it, a gas-driven pump being used broke down, spreading carbon monoxide through the house. By the time Winnie went to rescue, the couple's 14-year-old son was already unconscious. "Winnie jumped on the bed and was clawing at me, with a kind of angry sound," Cathy Keesling said. The state police responding to her 911 call said the family was only minutes from death, judging by the amount of poisonous gas in the house.   Amy Paul's husband was at his job when she took a midday break from making jewelry and bit into an apple. "Normally I peel them, but I read in Good Housekeeping Magazine that the skin has all the nutrients, so I ate the skin, and that's what caused me to choke," she recalled. "I couldn't breathe and I was in panic when Toby jumped on me. He never does that, but he did, and saved my life."   Both Toby and Winnie accompanied their owners to the awards luncheon.
A fried of mine named Paul received an automobile from his brother as a Christmas present. On Christmas Eve when Paul came out of his office, a naughty street boy was walking around the shiny new car, admiring it. "Is this your car, Mister?" he asked..   Paul nodded, "My brother gave it to me for Christmas." The boy was surprised. "You mean your brother gave it to you and it didn't cost you anything? I wish..." He hesitated .   Of course Paul knew what he was going to wish for. He was going to wish he had a brother like that. But what the boy said made Paul think all the way.   "I wish ," the boy went on, "that I could be a brother like that."   Paul looked at the boy in surprise, adding, "Would you like to take a ride in my automobile?"   "Yes, I'd love that." After a short ride, the boy turned and said, "Mister, would you mind driving in front of my house?"   Paul smiled, He thought he knew what the boy wanted. But Paul was wrong again. "Will you stop where those two steps are?" the boy asked.   He ran up the steps. Then in a while Paul heard him coming back, but he didn't come fast. He was carrying his little crippled brother. He pointed to the car and said, "There it is, Buddy, just like I told you up stairs. His brother gave it to him for Christmas. And some day I'm going to give one just like it and then you can see for yourself all the pretty things in the Christmas windows that I've been trying tell you about. "   Paul got out and lifted the boy to the front seat. The shining-eyed older brother climbed in beside him and the three of them began a memorable holiday ride.   That Christmas Eve, Paul learned what "It is more blessed to give" means.
The Comoros, officially the Union of the Comoros (Comorian: "Udzima wa Komori," , '), is a sovereign archipelago island nation in the Indian Ocean located at the northern end of the Mozambique Channel off the eastern coast of Africa between northeastern Mozambique and northwestern Madagascar. Other countries near the Comoros are Tanzania to the northwest and the Seychelles to the northeast. Its capital is Moroni, on Grande Comore. The Union of the Comoros has three official languages – Comorian, Arabic and French. The religion of the majority of the population is Islam.   At , excluding the contested island of Mayotte, the Comoros is the third-smallest African nation by area. The population, excluding Mayotte, is estimated at 798,000. As a nation formed at a crossroads of different civilisations, the archipelago is noted for its diverse culture and history. The archipelago was first inhabited by Bantu speakers who came from East Africa, supplemented by Arab and Austronesian immigration.   The country consists of three major islands and numerous smaller islands, all in the volcanic Comoros archipelago. The major islands are commonly known by their French names: northwestern-most Grande Comore (Ngazidja); Mohéli (Mwali); and Anjouan (Nzwani). In addition, the country has a claim on a fourth major island, southeastern-most Mayotte (Maore), though Mayotte voted against independence from France in 1974, has never been administered by an independent Comoros government, and continues to be administered by France (currently as an overseas department). France has vetoed United Nations Security Council resolutions that would affirm Comorian sovereignty over the island. In addition, Mayotte became an overseas department and a region of France in 2011 following a referendum passed overwhelmingly.
A degree (in full, a degree of arc, arc degree, or arcdegree), usually denoted by ° (the degree symbol), is a measurement of a plane angle, defined so that a full rotation is 360 degrees.   It is not an SI unit, as the SI unit of angular measure is the radian, but it is mentioned in the SI brochure as an accepted unit. Because a full rotation equals 2 radians, one degree is equivalent to radians.   The original motivation for choosing the degree as a unit of rotations and angles is unknown. One theory states that it is related to the fact that 360 is approximately the number of days in a year. Ancient astronomers noticed that the sun, which follows through the ecliptic path over the course of the year, seems to advance in its path by approximately one degree each day. Some ancient calendars, such as the Persian calendar, used 360 days for a year. The use of a calendar with 360 days may be related to the use of sexagesimal numbers.   Another theory is that the Babylonians subdivided the circle using the angle of an equilateral triangle as the basic unit and further subdivided the latter into 60 parts following their sexagesimal numeric system. The earliest trigonometry, used by the Babylonian astronomers and their Greek successors, was based on chords of a circle. A chord of length equal to the radius made a natural base quantity. One sixtieth of this, using their standard sexagesimal divisions, was a degree.
Tokelau () is a New Zealand territory in the southern Pacific Ocean that consists of three tropical coral atolls (from the northwest, Atafu, Nukunonu and Fakaofo), with a combined land area of and a population of approximately 1,500. Its capital rotates yearly between the three atolls. Tokelau lies north of the Samoan Islands, Swains Island being the nearest, east of Tuvalu, south of the Phoenix Islands, southwest of the more distant Line Islands, and northwest of the Cook Islands. Until 1976, the official name was Tokelau Islands.   With the fourth smallest population of any sovereign state or dependency on Earth, Tokelau is able to be a leader in renewable energy, being the first 100% solar powered nation in the world. Tokelau is a free and democratic nation with elections every three years. All run as independents; there are no political parties in Tokelau.   The most spoken language in Tokelau is Tokelauan, at 93.5%. A dependent territory of New Zealand, it is sometimes referred to by its older colonial name, the Union Islands. In 2007, the United Nations General Assembly designated Tokelau a non-self-governing territory. However, Tokelau is officially referred to as a nation by both the New Zealand government and the Tokelauan government.
Eight-year-old Jesse Abrogate was playing in the sea late one evening in July 2001 when a 7-foot bull shark attacked him and tore off his arm. Jesse's uncle jumped into the sea and dragged the boy to the store. The boy was not breathing. His aunt gave him mouth-to-mouth resuscitation while his uncle rang the emergency services. Pretty soon, a helicopter arrived and flew the boy to hospital. It was a much quicker journey than the journey by road.   Jesse's uncle, Vance Folsenzier, ran back into the sea and found the shark that had attacked his nephew. He picked the shark up and threw it onto the beach. A coastguard shot the fish four times and although this didn't kill it, the shark's jaws relaxed so that they could open them, and reach down onto its stomach, and pull out the boy's arm.   At the Baptist hospital in Pensacola, Dr Lan Rogers spent eleven hours reattaching Jesse's arm. "It was a complicated operation," he said, "but we were lucky. If the arm hadn't been recovered in time, we wouldn't have been able to do the operation at all. What I means is that if they hadn't found the shark, well then we wouldn't have had a chance."   According to local park ranger Jack Tomosvic, shark attacks are not that common. "Jesse was just unlucky" he says, "Evening is the shark's feeding time. And Jesse was in the area without lifeguards. This would never have happened if he had been in the area where swimming is allowed." When reporters asked Jesse's uncle how he had had the courage to fight a shark , he replied, "I was mad and you do some strange things when you're mad."
When one loves one's Art, no service seems too hard.   Joe was a man with a genius for art. Delia did things in six octaves promisingly.   Joe and Delia became in love with one of the other, or each of the other, as you please, and in a short time were married - for (see above), when one loves one's Art no service seems too hard.   They began housekeeping in a flat. It was a lonesome flat, but they were happy; for they had their Art, and they had each other.   Joe was learning painting in the class of the great Magister - you know his fame. His fees are high; his lessons are light - his high-lights have brought him fame. Delia was studying under Rosenstock - you know his reputation as a disturber of the piano keys.   They were mighty happy as long as their money lasted.   After a while, Art flagged . Everything going out and nothing coming in, money was lacking to pay Mr. Magister and Rosenstock their prices. When one loves one's Art, no service seems too hard. So, Delia said she must give music lessons to make the ends meet.   For two or three days she went out looking for pupils. One evening she came home overjoyed.   "Joe, dear," she said, cheerfully, "I've a pupil. And, oh, the loveliest people! General - General Pinkney's daughter Clementina - on Seventy-first street."   "That's all right for you, Dele," said Joe, "but how about me? Do you think I'm going to let you work while I play in the regions of high art? "   Delia came and hung about his neck.   "Joe, dear, you are silly. You must keep on at your studies. It is not as if I had quit my music and gone to work at something else. While I teach I learn. I am always with my music."   "All right," said Joe. "But I may sell some of my pictures as well."   The next few weeks, they both busied themselves with their own business and brought back a ten, a five, a two and a one - all legal tender notes - and laid them beside each others' earnings.   One Saturday evening Joe reached home first. He spread his $18 on the table and washed what seemed to be a great deal of dark paint from his hands.   Half an hour later Delia arrived, her right hand tied up in a shapeless bundle of wraps and bandages .   "How is this?" asked Joe. Delia laughed, but not very joyously. "Clementina," she explained, "insisted upon a Welsh rabbit after her lesson. In serving the rabbit she spilled a great lot of it, boiling hot, over my wrist. Nothing serious, dear."   "What time this afternoon did you burn your hand, Dele?"   "Five o'clock, I think," said Dele. "The iron - I mean the rabbit came off the fire about that time."   "Sit down here a moment, Dele," said Joe. "What have you been doing for the last few weeks, Dele?" he asked.   She braved it for a moment or two with an eye full of love and stubbornness, but at last down went her head and out came the truth and tears.   "I couldn't get any pupils," she wept. "I got a place ironing shirts in that big Twenty-fourth street laundry . A girl in the laundry set down a hot iron on my hand this afternoon. I think I did very well to make up both General Pinkney and Clementina. What made you ever suspect that I wasn't giving music lessons?"   "I didn't," said Joe, "until tonight. And I wouldn't have then, only I sent up this cotton waste and oil from the engine-room this afternoon for a girl upstairs who had her hand burned with a smoothing-iron. I've been firing the engine in that laundry for the last few weeks."   "And then you didn't ..." said Delia   And then they both looked at each other and laughed, and Joe began:   "When one loves one's Art no service seems ..."   But Delia stopped him with her hand on his lips. "No," she said - "just 'When one loves.'"
Two men, Alan and Henry, both seriously ill, shared a hospital room. Alan was allowed to sit up in his bed and his bed was next to the room's only window. Henry had to spend all his time flat on his back.   The men talked for hours, of their wives, families, their homes and their jobs. And every afternoon when Alan, in the bed next to the window, could sit up, he would pass the time by describing to his roommate all the things he could see. Ducks and swans played on the water while children sailed their model boats. Lovers walked arm in arm among flowers. Trees and skyline could be seen in the distance. As he described all this, Henry, on the other side of the room, would close his eyes and imagine the scene.   One warm afternoon Alan described a parade passing by. Although Henry could not hear the band, he could see it in his mind. Unexpectedly, an _ though: entered his head: why should he have all the pleasure of seeing everything while I never got to see anything? It doesn't seem fair. Henry felt ashamed at first. But as the days passed and he missed seeing more sight, his envy grew and soon let him down. He began to find himself unable to sleep. He should be by that window ---- and that thought now controlled his life.   Late one night, as he lay staring at the ceiling. Alan began to cough. He was choking. Henry watched in the dim room as the struggling man tried hard to reach for the button to call for help. Listening from across the room, he never moved, never pushed his own button which would have brought the nurse running. In less than five minutes, the coughing and choking stopped, along with the sound of breathing. Now, there was only silence ---- deathly silence.   As soon as it seemed appropriate, Henry asked if he could be moved next to the window. The nurse was happy to make the switch and after making sure he was comfortable, she left him alone.   Slowly, painfully, he struggled to take his first look. Finally, he would have the joy of seeing it all himself. He looked out, but faced a black wall.
Two former presidents reflected on their greatest regrets in office Monday, each looking back to issues that continue to plague the nation years later.   Former presidents and political rivals Bill Clinton and George H.W. Bush now share philanthropic efforts.   Former Presidents George H.W. Bush and Bill Clinton appeared together at a question-and-answer forum before the National Automobile Dealers Association in New Orleans, Louisiana.   Asked his biggest regret after leaving office, Bush said he now wonders whether he should have tried to get Saddam Hussein to leave office at the end of the first Gulf War in 1991.   He told the gathering, "I've thought a lot about it, but at the end of Desert Storm, the question was should we have kind of kept going on that road to death and all this slaughter until Saddam Hussein showed up and laid his sword on the table, surrendered. And the common wisdom was he wouldn't do that."   But he said a conversation with an FBI agent who interrogated Saddam after he was captured has made him reconsider.   Bush recalled their talk, "I said, 'What if we just say he has to come to surrender, would he have done it?' And this guy said, 'I'm absolutely convinced he would have.' My experts tell me he wouldn't have."   Bush said, "We ended it the way we said we would" as a military success, but noted a cleaner ending "would have been perfect."   He added, "If we had tried to get Saddam Hussein to come and literally surrender and put his sword on the table, I think it might have been avoided some of the problems that we did have in the future from him." 
Abu Yahya al-Libi, al Qaeda's No. 2 man, was killed in Pakistan on Monday, according to U.S. officials.   Al-Libi's death was "another serious blow to core al Qaeda," White House spokesman Jay Carney said.   Al-Libi, 49, was a well-regarded figure in jihadist circles and had emerged as one of the terrorist network's most important clerics and propagandists, appearing in countless videos in recent years.   He was killed by a CIA drone strike, according to U.S. officials. Drone strikes remain a highly contentious issue between the United States and Pakistan.   Who is Abu Yahya al-Libi?   By most accounts, al-Libi was effectively al Qaeda's deputy leader.   A Libyan citizen and an Islamic scholar, al-Libi bolstered his credibility within jihad groups after escaping from U.S. custody in Afghanistan in 2005.   He became the public face of al Qaeda and used his religious training to justify the organization's actions. As one of the group's chief ideologues and propagandists, al-Libi appeared in numerous recruitment videos in which he cast himself as a sheikh with the legitimacy to issue fatwas.   Other than his appearances in propaganda videos, it's unclear which plots against the West al-Libi was involved in. A wanted ad from the U.S. State Department described him as a "key motivator in the global jihadi movement," and said that "his messages convey a clear threat to U.S. persons or property worldwide."   What does his death mean for al Qaeda?   This is a "very serious blow" to al Qaeda, according to Noman Benotman, a former senior member of the Libyan Islamic Fighting Group who spent significant time with al-Libi in the 1990s. No one else within the group rivals his legitimacy as a religious scholar nor has the credibility in the Arab world to provide Islamic justifications for al Qaeda's global campaign of terrorism, he said. 
Since Roger Goodell took over as NFL commissioner in September 2006, he's had his hands full.   The current domestic violence case involving former Baltimore Ravens running back Ray Rice is just the latest in a long list of controversies that have punctuated his reign atop the country's most profitable sports league.   Here are some that have attracted the biggest headlines:   Michael Vick's dog fighting arrest   Allegations of Vick's participation in dog fighting activities began to swirl in April 2007.   Within three months, the Atlanta Falcons quarterback and three associates were indicted in federal court.   By the end of August, Vick reached a plea agreement with federal prosecutors on one charge of conspiracy involving illegal dog fighting. Vick admitted participating in killing dogs and operating a business enterprise that involved illegal gambling.   Goodell notified Vick that he was suspended from the National Football League indefinitely, without pay.   Vick served 20 months for the conviction.   In 2009, Goodell reinstated Vick to the league on a conditional basis. In 2011, he signed a six-year, $100 million contract with the Philadelphia Eagles, making Vick one of the highest earning players in the NFL.   Vick is now a backup quarterback for the New York Jets.   Plaxico Buress' nightclub incident   The former New York Giants wide receiver accidentally shot himself in the leg with a .40-caliber semiautomatic pistol he was carrying in his waistband. The incident happened November 2008, in the VIP area of the Latin Quarter nightclub in Manhattan.   Buress served 20 months on a weapons charge. 
A small-sized Pekingese with long, soft fur took the top prize at the 136thannual Westminster Kennel Club Show in New York City on Feb 14,2012. The dog has a royal name: Palacegarden Malachy . After being named Best in Show, Malachy celebrated by nestling his 11-pound body inside the trophy .   Competition for the top prize was not easy. Malachy beat more than 2,000 dogs, including a Dalmation, a German Shepherd and a Kerry blue Terrier. But to judge Cindy Bogels, Malachy was the clear winner. "Super dog, and he had a surprising night, " she said.   David Fitzpatrick is Malachy's handler and coowner. He said there would be no more shows for the four-year-old dog. Malachy, he said, would most likely go home to East Brlin, Pennsylvania, to enjoy a quiet life in the country. ' He'll probably chase squirrels and will certainly have a good time. " Fitzpatrick said.   However, Malachy had a busy timetable on Feb,15.He made television appearances this morning and had lunch this afternoon at Sardi's a famous New York City restaurant, where he ate from a silver plate. Later, Malachy visited a businessman and TV personality, Donald Trump.   Dogs were not the only ones in the spotlight at Westminster. Young people ages 9 to 18 took part in Junior Showmanship. In this competition, judges looked carefully at the kids, not the dogs. They watched to see how well entrants handled their animals in the ring. About 100 kids from around the country came to New York City to show off their dogs. 11-year-old Macenzie Zeitz was one of them. She traveled eight hours to New York, with her dog Pudding. " It is really amazing, and it's also a real honor to be here." Zeitz said. "Pudding likes the hotel because he gets to sleep in the bed, " added Zeitz.
The 18-meter-tall Rubber Duck arrived in Beijing on Friday. It was placed on waters in the International Garden Expo Park, where the Yongding River passes through. The Rubber Duck exhibition was designed by Dutch artist, Florentijn Hofman. It was part of the activities of Beijing Design Week, which ran from September 26 to October 3 in 2013. The Rubber Duck stayed in the park until September 23, then moved to the Summer Palace, a famous Beijing tourist spot, where it was on display until October 26. The duck is made of over 200 pieces of rubber. It was guarded not only by staff, but also by 10 volunteers wearing yellow T-shirts and hats with a rubber duck logo. Sun Yidong, a volunteer who guided visitors to the duck, said the art brought energy to the traditional Chinese park. "Seeing the giant Rubber Duck makes me feel like I'm a kid again." Sun said. Because of the rain on Friday, there were not too many people coming to see it. The Expo workers said they expected more people to come and visit the duck on weekends. Zhao Yan said she had been following news about the duck since 2007, when the duck began its journey. "I even considered going to Hong Kong to see it. It's great that the duck is in Beijing," Zhao said. Before arriving in Beijing, the Rubber Duck traveled to 13 cities in nine countries. "The aim of the Rubber Duck is simply to bring everyone back to their childhood again," said Zeng Hui, a leader of the Beijing Design Week Organizing Committee Office. "It can be a toy for adults." ,.
Jason Baldwin paused Saturday on his first morning of freedom in 18 years to share a revelation he gleaned in prison while serving a life sentence.   The "West Memphis Three" member recalled telling inmates he had figured out the secret of life.   "What is it?" they asked.   "I said, 'Enjoy it. Enjoy it,'" Baldwin told CNN Memphis affiliate WMC.   And enjoy it he did Friday and Saturday. Baldwin, Damien Echols and Jessie Misskelley Jr. -- freed Friday in Arkansas after a complicated plea arrangement -- spent time with family, friends and supporters.   Echols and Baldwin saw the sunset Friday from the rooftop of the Madison Hotel in Memphis, across the Mississippi River from West Memphis, Arkansas. Supporters Eddie Vedder of Pearl Jam and Natalie Maines of the Dixie Chicks joined the party.   The three men, who served 18 years in prison following their convictions in a 1993 triple-slaying in West Memphis, walked free Friday to cheers from a supportive crowd after entering rarely used pleas in which they maintained their innocence but acknowledged that prosecutors have evidence to convict them.   They had been imprisoned for the slayings of second-graders Steven Branch, Christopher Byers and Michael Moore.   The boys' bodies were mutilated and left in a ditch, hogtied with their own shoelaces. Prosecutors argued that the defendants, teenagers at the time, were driven by satanic ritual and that Echols, sentenced to death, had been the ringleader. Baldwin and Misskelley received life sentences.   Attorney Stephen Braga, who represented Echols, said his newly freed client and Baldwin were fascinated by new foods, cell phones and other technology Friday. 
Babylonia was an ancient Akkadian-speaking state and cultural area based in central-southern Mesopotamia (present-day Iraq). A small Amorite-ruled state emerged in 1894 BC, which contained at this time the minor administrative town of Babylon. Babylon greatly expanded from the small provincial town that it had originally been during the Akkadian Empire (2335-2154 BC) during the reign of Hammurabi in the first half of the 18th century BC, becoming a major capital city. During the reign of Hammurabi and afterwards, Babylonia was called "Māt Akkadī" "the country of Akkad" in the Akkadian language. It was often involved in rivalry with its older fellow Akkadian-speaking state of Assyria in northern Mesopotamia, as well as Elam to the east, in Ancient Iran. Babylonia briefly became the major power in the region after Hammurabi (fl. c. 1792 – 1752 BC middle chronology, or c. 1696 – 1654 BC, short chronology) created a short-lived empire, succeeding the earlier Akkadian Empire, Third Dynasty of Ur, and Old Assyrian Empire; however, the Babylonian empire rapidly fell apart after the death of Hammurabi and reverted back to a small kingdom.   The Babylonian state, like Assyria to the north, retained the written Akkadian language for official use (the language of its native populace), despite its Northwest Semitic-speaking Amorite founders and Kassite successors, who spoke a language isolate, not being native Mesopotamians. It retained the Sumerian language for religious use (as did Assyria), but already by the time Babylon was founded, this was no longer a spoken language, having been wholly subsumed by Akkadian. The earlier Akkadian and Sumerian traditions played a major role in Babylonian and Assyrian culture, and the region would remain an important cultural center, even under its protracted periods of outside rule.
(CNN)"In order to attain the impossible, one must attempt the absurd," wrote Miguel de Cervantes, the Shakespeare of Spain. And the quest to find his remains has sometimes seemed both, even (dare one say it) quixotic in a time of recession. But forensic scientists have persevered, and appear to have triumphed.   Almost 400 years after Cervantes' death, a team led by Francisco Etxeberria announced Tuesday that they were confident they had found Cervantes' coffin in the crypt of the Convent of the Barefoot Trinitarians in the Barrio de Las Letras (Literary Quarter) in Madrid. Historical records indicated Cervantes had been buried there, but the convent had been substantially rebuilt since. (Etxeberria, incidentally, performed the autopsy on former Chilean President Gen. Salvador Allende, confirming he had committed suicide.)   At a news conference in Madrid on Tuesday, Etxeberria said that while there was no mathematical proof or DNA test available to completely verify the findings, there were "many coincidences and no discrepancies" in the examination of "Osario 32," a common grave in the crypt that contained the remains of 16 people.   "We have Cervantes, represented in some form in this group of bones that are unfortunately very degraded and very fragmented," Etxeberria told national television.   The search for Cervantes' coffin -- using radar -- began last year, funded by the Madrid City Council. It first mapped more than 30 burial cavities in the walls and nearly 5 meters beneath the floor of the church. Mass spectrometry dated fragments of wood and cloth found in these cavities to the 17th century, an encouraging but far from conclusive development. 
The region, as part of Lorraine, was part of the Holy Roman Empire, and then was gradually annexed by France in the 17th century, and formalized as one of the provinces of France. The Calvinist manufacturing republic of Mulhouse, known as Stadtrepublik Mülhausen, became a part of Alsace after a vote by its citizens on 4 January 1798. Alsace is frequently mentioned with and as part of Lorraine and the former duchy of Lorraine, since it was a vital part of the duchy, and later because German possession as the imperial province (Alsace-Lorraine, 1871–1918) was contested in the 19th and 20th centuries; France and Germany exchanged control of parts of Lorraine (including Alsace) four times in 75 years.   With the decline of the Roman Empire, Alsace became the territory of the Germanic Alemanni. The Alemanni were agricultural people, and their Germanic language formed the basis of modern-day dialects spoken along the Upper Rhine (Alsatian, Alemannian, Swabian, Swiss). Clovis and the Franks defeated the Alemanni during the 5th century AD, culminating with the Battle of Tolbiac, and Alsace became part of the Kingdom of Austrasia. Under Clovis' Merovingian successors the inhabitants were Christianized. Alsace remained under Frankish control until the Frankish realm, following the Oaths of Strasbourg of 842, was formally dissolved in 843 at the Treaty of Verdun; the grandsons of Charlemagne divided the realm into three parts. Alsace formed part of the Middle Francia, which was ruled by the youngest grandson Lothar I. Lothar died early in 855 and his realm was divided into three parts. The part known as Lotharingia, or Lorraine, was given to Lothar's son. The rest was shared between Lothar's brothers Charles the Bald (ruler of the West Frankish realm) and Louis the German (ruler of the East Frankish realm). The Kingdom of Lotharingia was short-lived, however, becoming the stem duchy of Lorraine in Eastern Francia after the Treaty of Ribemont in 880. Alsace was united with the other Alemanni east of the Rhine into the stem duchy of Swabia.
When Debbie Parkhurst choked on a piece of apple at her Maryland home, her dog jumped in, landing hard on her chest and forcing the piece of apple to pop out of her throat. Debbie Parkhurst's husband, Kevin, was at his job at a Wilmington, Del., chemical firm when she took a midday break from jewelry and bit into an apple. When the Keesling family of Indiana were about to be overcome by carbon monoxide(CO), their cat clawed at wife Cathy's hair until she woke up and called for help. For their timely acts, Toby, a golden 2 1/2-year-old dog, and Winnie, a gray-eyed American shorthair, were named Dog and Cat of the Year by the American Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals. Neither Parkhurst nor Keesling could explain their pets' timely heroics,though Parkhurst suggested it might have been guided by God intervention . "That's what our veterinarian said,"she said. "He wasn't making a joke; he's very spiritual, and now I have to agree with him." But both pets were themselves rescued in baby, Toby as a 4-week-old baby thrown into a garbage bin to die, and Winnie as a week-old orphan hiding under a barn, so helpless that Keesling's husband, Eric, had to feed her milk. As the Keeslings recalled it, a gas-driven pump spread carbon monoxide through the house. By the time Winnie moved into rescue spot, the couple's 14-year-old son, Michael, was already unconscious. "Winnie jumped on the bed and was clawing at me, with a kind of angry noise," Cathy Keesling said. "When I woke up I felt like a T-bar had hit me across the head." State police and officers responding to her 911 call said the family was only minutes from death, judging by the amount of poisonous gas in the house.
A former top appointee of Chris Christie says there is evidence contradicting what the New Jersey governor has said publicly about the notorious George Washington Bridge traffic lane closures that have roiled the Republican's administration, according to the man's lawyer.   David Wildstein resigned his position at the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey in December amid allegations that Christie appointees had ordered access lanes to the nation's biggest river crossing in Fort Lee closed last year to punish that town's mayor politically for not endorsing Christie for reelection.   Wildstein's attorney, Alan Zegas, wrote on Friday that "evidence exists" contradicting Christie's recollection about the lane closures at a news conference earlier this month.   "Evidence exists ... tying Mr. Christie to having knowledge of the lane closures, during the period when the lanes were closed, contrary to what the governor stated publicly in a two-hour press conference (on January 9)," Zegas said in a letter to the general counsel of the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, which operates the bridge and where Wildstein had worked for the governor.   Days of lane closures   The letter references the closures over a work week in September, but does not suggest that "evidence" contradicts anything Christie has said so far about his advisers at the time or any role they might have played in alleged political shenanigans.   The letter also does not suggest that Christie had any advance knowledge of the closings. Zegas also didn't disclose the evidence.   CNN Senior Legal Analyst Jeffrey Toobin said Zegas' letter is just that. "It's not sworn testimony. It's not proof," he said. 
Eva Mozes Kor has good reasons to look down upon Oskar Groning. When she and her twin sister, Miriam, arrived in the Auschwitz death camp, they were met by Josef Mengele and became part of the cruel scientist's experiments. Groning was a junior squad leader at the camp.   While Groning could argue he was not directly responsible for procedures carried out on twins,nor for the mass murder of so many others, he played a critical role in the effort to kill Jews.   After the war Groning led an ordinary, quiet life until he became alarmed by the rise of Holocaust deniers. He went public with his role and in September 2014 was charged as an accessory to murder.   When Groning went on trial in April 2015, Eva Mozes Kor was called as a witness. After her session, she walked straight up to the 93-year-old former Nazi and shook his hand.   Eva Mozes Kor will never forget nor excuse what the Nazis did. Her two books make that clear: Surviving the Angel of Death. and the earlier Echoes from Auschwitz. She has also spent her post-war years drawing attention to the Holocaust, in the hope of preventing a repeat of its horrors.   At the same time, she is dedicated ( ) to healing rather than revenge. As she wrote in a Facebook post:   Forgiving does not mean forgetting-we all want to prevent these things from ever happening again. Forgiveness is about self-healing, self-liberation, and self-empowerment... Let's all work together to teach the world how to heal.   As a survivor suffering so much, Eva Mozes Kor is a role model for the kind of forgiveness that mends souls, a forgiveness that carries with it the responsibility to work for a world in which such horrors no longer happen.
Mary was waiting for the airplane to take off. She was happy to get a seat by herself. Just then,an air hostess came up to her and asked. "Would you mind changing your seat? A man would like to sit with his wife." The only available seat was next to a girl with her arms broke, a black-and-blue face, and a sad expression. "I don't want to sit there," Mary thought immediately. But a soft voice spoke, "She needs help." Finally, Mary moved to that seat. The girl was named Emily. She had been in a car accident and now was on her way for treatment. When the snack and juice arrived, Mary realized that Emily could not feed herself. Mary considered offering to feed her but hesitated , as it seemed too impolite to offer a service to a stranger. But then Mary realized that Emily's need was more important. Mary offered to help her eat. Although Emily was uncomfortable to accept, _ . They became closer and closer in a short time. By the end of the five-hour trip, Mary's heart had warmed, and the time was really better spent than if she had just sat by herself. Mary was very glad that she had sat next to Emily and fed her. Love sometimes goes beyond human borders and removes the fears that keep people away. When we reach our hands to serve another, we grow to live in a larger and more rewarding world.
"Norton," Sheppard said, "I saw Rufus Johnson yesterday. Do you know what he was doing?" The child looked at him with a kind of half attention, his eyes forward but not yet engaged. They were a paler blue than his father's as if they might have faded like the shirt; one of them listed, almost imperceptibly , toward the outer rim.   "He was in a path," Sheppard said, "and he had his hand in a garbage can. He was trying to get something to eat out of it." He paused to let this soak in. "He was hungry," he finished, and tried to pierce the child's conscience with his gaze.   The boy picked up the piece of chocolate cake and began to bite it from one corner.   "Norton," Sheppard said, "do you have any idea what it means to share?"   A flicker of attention. "Some of it is yours," Norton said.   "Some of it is his," Sheppard said heavily. It was hopeless. Almost any fault would have been preferable to selfishness--a violent temper, even a tendency to lie.   The child turned the bottle of tomato sauce upside-down and began thumping sauce onto the cake.   Sheppard's look of pain increased. "You are ten and Rufus Johnson is fourteen," he said. "Yet, I'm sure your shirts would fit Rufus." Rufus Johnson was a boy whom he had been trying to help at the reformatory for the past year. He had been released two months ago. "When he was in the reformatory, he looked pretty good, but when I saw him yesterday, he was skin and bones. He hasn't been eating cake with peanut butter on it for breakfast."   The child paused. "It's not fresh," he said. "That's why I have to put stuff on it."   Sheppard turned his face to the window at the end of the bar. The side lawn, green and even, sloped fifty feet or so down to a small suburban wood. When his wife was living, they had often eaten outside, even breakfast on the grass. He had never noticed then that the child was selfish. ks5u   "Listen to me," he said, turning back to him, "look at me and listen."   The boy looked at him. At least his eyes were forward.   "I gave Rufus a key to the house when he left the reformatory---to show my confidence in him and so he would have a place he could come to and feel welcome any time. He didn't use it, but I think he'll use it now because he's seen me and he's hungry. And if he doesn't use it, I'm going out and find him and bring him here. I can't see a child eating out of garbage cans."   The boy frowned. It was dawning upon him that something of his was threatened.   Sheppard's mouth stretched in disgust. "Rufus's father died before he was born," he said. "His mother is in the state penitentiary . He was raised by his grandfather in a shack without water or electricity and the old man beat him every day. How would you like to belong to a family like that?"   "I don't know" the child said lamely.   "Well, you might think about it sometime," Sheppard said.   Sheppard was City Recreational Director. On Saturday he worked at the reformatory as a counselor, receiving nothing for it but the satisfaction of knowing he was helping boys no one else cared about. Johnson was the most intelligent boy he had worked with.   Norton turned what was left of the cake over as if he no longer wanted it.   "You started that, now finish it," Sheppard said.   "Maybe he won't come," the child said and his eyes brightened slightly.
Baden-Württemberg is a state in Germany located in the southwest, east of the Upper Rhine. It is Germany’s third largest state in terms of size and population, with an area of and 10.8 million inhabitants. The state capital and largest city is Stuttgart.   The sobriquet "Ländle" ("small land" or "dear land" in the local dialect) is sometimes used as a synonym for Baden-Württemberg.   Baden-Württemberg is formed from the historical territories of Baden, Prussian Hohenzollern, and Württemberg, parts of Swabia.   In 100 AD, the Roman Empire invaded and occupied Württemberg, constructing a limes (fortified boundary zone) along its northern borders. Over the course of the third century AD, the Alemanni forced the Romans to retreat beyond the Rhine and Danube rivers. In 496 AD the Alemanni themselves succumbed to a Frankish invasion led by Clovis I.   The Holy Roman Empire was later established. The majority of people in this region continued to be Roman Catholics, even after the Protestant Reformation influenced populations in northern Germany. In the late 19th and early 20th century, numerous people emigrated from here to the United States for economic opportunity.   After World War II, Allied forces established three federal states in the territory of modern-day Baden-Württemberg: Württemberg-Hohenzollern, Baden, and Württemberg-Baden. Baden and Württemberg-Baden were occupied by France and the United States, respectively. In 1949, each state became a founding member of the Federal Republic of Germany, with Article 118 of the German constitution providing an accession procedure. On 16 December 1951, Württemberg-Baden, Württemberg-Hohenzollern and Baden voted in favor of a joint merger via referendum. Baden-Württemberg officially became a state in Germany on 25 April 1952.
Buenos Aires ( or ; ) is the capital and most populous city of Argentina. The city is located on the western shore of the estuary of the Río de la Plata, on the South American continent's southeastern coast. "Buenos aires" can be translated as "fair winds" or "good airs", but the first one was the meaning intended by the founders in the 16th century, by the use of the original name "Real de Nuestra Señora Santa María del Buen Ayre". The Greater Buenos Aires conurbation, which also includes several Buenos Aires Province districts, constitutes the fourth-most populous metropolitan area in the Americas, with a population of around 17 million.   The city of Buenos Aires is neither part of Buenos Aires Province nor the Province's capital; rather, it is an autonomous district. In 1880, after decades of political infighting, Buenos Aires was federalized and removed from Buenos Aires Province. The city limits were enlarged to include the towns of Belgrano and Flores; both are now neighborhoods of the city. The 1994 constitutional amendment granted the city autonomy, hence its formal name: Ciudad Autónoma de Buenos Aires (Autonomous City of Buenos Aires). Its citizens first elected a chief of government (i.e. mayor) in 1996; previously, the mayor was directly appointed by the President of the Republic.
A second former co-owner of the California slaughterhouse involved in a recall of nearly nine million pounds of meat was charged with knowingly processing and distributing meat from cancerous cows, court documents released this week say.   Robert Singleton, co-owner of the Rancho Feeding Corporation in Petaluma, was primarily responsible for purchasing cattle and loading shipments for distribution, prosecutors say.   He is charged with distributing "adulterated, misbranded, and uninspected" meat, according to the documents.   Singleton jointly owned the meat plant with Jesse J. Amaral Jr., the former president and general manager who is also known as also known as "Babe Amaral."   Amaral and his former employees, Felix Sandoval Cabrera and Eugene Corda, have all been charged with unlawful sale and distribution of contaminated meat.   Prosecutors allege that Amaral and Singleton directed Corda and Cabrera to circumvent inspection procedures for certain cows with signs of epithelioma of the eye, also known as "cancer eye."   While Singleton is accused of knowingly purchasing cattle with signs of epithelioma, Amaral allegedly directed employees to carve "USDA Condemned" stamps out of certain cow carcasses and to process them for sale and distribution, despite having been rejected by the U.S. Department of Agriculture veterinarian.   Amaral is also charged with sending false invoices to farmers, telling them that their cattle had died or been condemned and charging them "handling fees" for disposal of the carcasses, instead of compensating them for the sale price, prosecutors said.   If convicted, Singleton faces up to three years imprisonment, with one year of supervised release, and a $10,000 fine. Amaral, Cabrera and Corda could receive up to 20 years in prison and $250,000 in fines. 
An organic compound is virtually any chemical compound that contains carbon, although a consensus definition remains elusive and likely arbitrary. Organic compounds are rare terrestrially, but of central importance because all known life is based on organic compounds. The most basic petrochemicals are considered the building blocks of organic chemistry.   For historical reasons discussed below, a few types of carbon-containing compounds, such as carbides, carbonates, simple oxides of carbon (for example, CO and CO), and cyanides are considered inorganic. The distinction between "organic and inorganic" carbon compounds, while "useful in organizing the vast subject of chemistry... is somewhat arbitrary".   Organic chemistry is the science concerned with all aspects of organic compounds. Organic synthesis is the methodology of their preparation.   For many centuries, Western physicians and chemists believed in vitalism. This was the widespread conception that substances found in organic nature are created from the chemical elements by the action of a "vital force" or "life-force" ("vis vitalis") that only living organisms possess. Vitalism taught that these "organic" compounds were fundamentally different from the "inorganic" compounds that could be obtained from the elements by chemical manipulations.   Vitalism survived for a while even after the rise of modern ideas about the atomic theory and chemical elements. It first came under question in 1824, when Friedrich Wöhler synthesized oxalic acid, a compound known to occur only in living organisms, from cyanogen. A more decisive experiment was Wöhler's 1828 synthesis of urea from the inorganic salts potassium cyanate and ammonium sulfate. Urea had long been considered an "organic" compound, as it was known to occur only in the urine of living organisms. Wöhler's experiments were followed by many others, in which increasingly complex "organic" substances were produced from "inorganic" ones without the involvement of any living organism.
ESPNcricinfo (formerly known as Cricinfo or CricInfo) is a sports news website exclusively for the game of cricket. The site features news, articles, live coverage of cricket matches (including liveblogs and scorecards), and "StatsGuru", a database of historical matches and players from the 18th century to the present. , Sambit Bal was the editor. The site, originally conceived in a pre-World Wide Web form in 1993 by Dr Simon King, was acquired in 2002 by the Wisden Grouppublishers of several notable cricket magazines and the Wisden Cricketers' Almanack. As part of an eventual breakup of the Wisden Group, it was sold to ESPN, jointly owned by The Walt Disney Company and Hearst Corporation, in 2007.   CricInfo was launched on 15 March 1993 by Dr Simon King, a British researcher at the University of Minnesota with help from students and researchers at universities around the world.   While a company, CricInfo Ltd, was formed in 1996, CricInfo remained a volunteer-run operation until late 1999 and was not fully staffed until late 2000. The site was reliant on contributions from fans around the world who spent hours compiling electronic scorecards and contributing them to CricInfo's comprehensive archive, as well as keying in live scores from games around the world using CricInfo's scoring software, "dougie". In 2000, Cricinfo's estimated worth was $150 million; however it faced difficulties the following year as a result of the dotcom crash.
Sara wanted to play on a baseball team. She had never tried to swing a bat and hit a baseball before. Her Dad gave her a bat and together they went to the park to practice. Sara wondered if she could hit a ball. She wasn't sure if she would be any good. She really wanted to play on a team and wear a real uniform. She couldn't wait to get to the park and test out her bat. When Sara and her Dad reached the park, Sara grabbed the bat and stood a few steps away from her Dad. Sara waited as her Dad pitched the ball to her. Her heart was beating fast. She missed the first few pitches. She felt like quitting but kept trying. Soon she was hitting the ball very far. She was very happy and she couldn't wait to sign up for a real team. Her Dad was very proud of her for not giving up.
Three kids have been learning chemistry for only a few months. But they have already begun to challenge a world famous scientist! Li Weichi, Huang Runling, and Xiao Yan are from Zhongshan Huaqiao Middle School in Guangdong. They have just found a red cabbage that could be a new kind of acid-base indicator . They want it to take the place of litmus paper. "We've learnt to think of and ask questions about life by ourselves," said Li, "We work well with each other." British scientist Robert Boyle discovered the use of litmus paper over 300 years ago. Now it is used widely in experiments all over the world. But when the kids did some experiments in class last winter, they saw that the litmus paper didn't turn very blue with base matter. It's hard to get a clear result. Will there be a better indicator than litmus paper? The three kids decided to try and find out! How? They went to collect over 40 plants in parks, gardens and markets. Then they ground leaves, flowers and stems to get the pigments from them. The kids mixed pigments with acid and base. They spent months watching carefully to see which paper showed the best colour change. They decided it was the litmus paper! "It's our first scientific journey, Huang said, "But it makes me want to try harder."
Su Hua is studying at Cambridge, UK. She has bought a bicycle and is worried about security. Her friend, Kate, found this article and sent it to her. www.zxxk.com   Introduction   A lot of crime is against bicycles. About 150,000 bicycles are stolen every year and most are never found. You can prevent this happening by following a few careful steps.   Basic Security   Do not leave your bicycle in out-of-the-way places. Always lock your bicycle when you leave. Secure it to lampposts or trees. Take off smaller parts and take them with you, for example lights and saddles .   Locks   Get a good lock. There are many different types in the shop. Buy one that has been tested against attack. Ask for a recommendation from a bike shop.   Marking   Security marking your bike can act as a deterrent to a thief. It can also help the police find your bicycle. It should be clearly written and include your postcode and your house or flat number. This will provide a simple way to identify your bicycle.   Registration   There are a number of companies who will mark your bicycle for you. They will then put your registration number and personal details on their computer database. Then if your bicycle is found it will be easy to contact you.   Finally   Keep a record of the bicycle yourself: its make, model and registration number. You can even take a photograph of it, this will prove the bicycle belongs to you.
In South America, the rich soil of the Amazon River basin in Brazil is known as "black gold". Scientists found that the secret of this rich soil was charcoal . Local people made it from animal bones and tree branches. They mixed the charcoal with the soil about 1.500 years ago.   Now, scientists in the United States have done a modern demonstration. They say charcoal fertilization offers a revolutionary way to improve soil quality for hundreds or even thousands of years.   Mingxin Guo and his team at Delavare State University heated tree leaves, corn stalks , small pieces of wood and poultry waste into "biochar" . They reported their findings at a recent meeting of the American Chemical Society in New Orleans.   Biochar could be good news for farmers with poor soil and hungry populations to feed. Professor Guo says it could even help against global warming. Intensive farming and overuse of chemical fertilizer give out carbon dioxide into the atmosphere. Biochar does the opposite, he says. It traps carbon in the ground.   The researchers planted winter wheat in containers of soil in a greenhouse -- some with biochar, some without. Professor Guo says the wheat grows much better in the pots with biochar. The soil was added two percent charcoal to. But he says even a one percent treatment will increase productivity.   The results demonstrated that biochar can increase organic matter in soil. Loss of nutrients in soil is an increasing problem worldwide as farmers try to grow more food for growing populations.   Next, the team will carry out a five-year study of biochar with spinach , green peppers and tomatoes.   Mingxin Guo says he learns about the "black gold" in Brazil from a magazine story. He explains that it was discovered in the jungle, in the area where waters flow to the Amazon, in the 1960's. But it was not until recent years that scientists began to bring public attention to it.
"Today is Mom's birthday, Mosh," Nick said. "Let's make her favorite banana bread and surprise her."Nick took out a cookbook. "I'll read the recipe, and you follow it. Get out a bowl and a spoon while I turn on the oven." Nick read from the cookbook. "First, mash the bananas in the bowl." The robot put the bananas into the bowl and was going to mash them with its hands. "Stop!" Nick said. "Let's try this again. Peel the bananas, put them in the bowl, and mash them with the spoon." Nick watched when Mosh peeled the bananas and put the peel into the bowl. Again, Nick told Mosh to stop. Then he showed the robot which part of each banana should go into the bowl. Then Nick read, "Add the eggs. No, wait," he said right away. Nick cracked the eggs into the bananas. "Last, add flour , milk and sugar," Nick said. "Mix everything together. Then pour the batter into the bread pan." Mosh followed Nick's orders while Nick read the cookbook. "I'll put this in the oven," Nick picked up the pan. Just then Kelly came into the room. "What happened in here?" she felt surprised. Nick answered, "Mosh and I are making banana bread for Mom's birthday. It is a lot of work, but I think she will be surprised." "If you want it to be a good surprise for Mom," Kelly laughed, "you need to give Mosh one more order. Clean up!"
Harry had a very small farm. He only had one cow but dreamed about having a large farm. He once asked his father Bill, "I'd like to have that land over there. How can I get it?" His father encouraged him to go and talk to the landowner to see how they could get the land. Harry said. "But we don't have enough money." His father said, "Don't worry. Go and talk to him." Several years passed. Harry had not only the land, but also several hundred cows. He had a happy life with his wife. Later, Harry's wife, Sarah, had a dream. "I want to build the biggest farm in the world." She said. They called their friend Manuel about this task. Three days later Manuel had a plan for the whole project. Then they asked, "How much will it cost?" Manuel said they needed a lot of money. "Nobody will lend us so much money to build a farm," they thought. But the manager of the bank _ them and their dream. A few months later, La manuel, the biggest farm in the world, was opened.
It was a boring day out on the range for cowboy Bob. He was riding around on his horse. It was a good animal, and its name was Steve. Steve was an old friend to Bob. He had been carrying Bob around on his back for almost five years, and both of them knew every inch of the range on which they rode. Bob's job was to keep watch over the cattle who ate and grew fat off the nice grass which grew on the range near the farm. It was a good job for cowboy Bob. He was a friendly cowboy with a nice beard, but he still preferred to be alone most of the time. He never got lonely on the range, with his horse Steve to keep him company and the nice view. As he did his job, he would sometimes get wet from the rain, and every day he would have to rise before the sun did, but still Bob was very happy, and he was never sad or angry or scared. Watching the sun rise orange in the distance was always a fun way for Bob to start the day. Sometimes, Bob would even sing to keep the cattle calm. Bob also had to keep the other animals away from the cattle, the wolf and the snake and the coyote. Bob and Steve were happy having each other as friends.
Dominica ( or ; ; Island Carib: ), officially the Commonwealth of Dominica, is a sovereign island country. The capital, Roseau, is located on the leeward side of the island. It is part of the Windward Islands in the Lesser Antilles archipelago in the Caribbean Sea. The island lies south-southeast of Guadeloupe and northwest of Martinique. Its area is , and the highest point is Morne Diablotins, at in elevation. The population was 71,293 at the 2011 census.   The island was originally inhabited by the Kalinago and later colonised by Europeans, predominantly by the French from the 1690s. Columbus is said to have passed the island on Sunday, 3 November 1493, and the island's name is derived from the Latin for "Sunday". Great Britain took possession in 1763 after the Seven Years' War and gradually established English as the official language. The island republic gained independence in 1978.   Its name is pronounced with stress falling either on second syllable of the word, after the Latin word "dŏmĭnĭcă" "lordly", or on the third syllable, after the French name "Dominique". Dominica has been nicknamed the "Nature Isle of the Caribbean" for its natural environment. It is the youngest island in the Lesser Antilles, still being formed by geothermal-volcanic activity, as evidenced by the world's second-largest hot spring, called Boiling Lake. The island has lush mountainous rainforests, and is the home of many rare plants, animals, and bird species. There are xeric areas in some of the western coastal regions, but heavy rainfall occurs inland. The Sisserou parrot, also known as the imperial amazon and found only on Dominica, is the island's national bird and featured on the national flag. Dominica's economy depends on tourism and agriculture.
Katy Marsh is seventy years old now. She stopped working five years ago. Last year she decided to make her dream come true. When she was young, she hoped to travel along a river of Scotland in a small boat. She took her small CD player, her hot water bottle and a bag of books to make her life in the boat wasn't too uncomfortable. We asked her if she was afraid of being on the river for so long. She said, "Well, I'm going to take a good _ . When I'm losing my way during my trip, it can help me a lot. Anyway I'm not afraid of death because I love rivers-I just hope it loves me too. " Katy certainly had lots of energy . In her free time, she enjoyed playing the piano, swimming, hiking, and dancing. She had a wonderful trip in the small boat last year. She is seventy, but she doesn't want to have a quiet and peaceful life. She hopes to have fun in the rest of her life.
The University of Melbourne (informally Melbourne University) is a public research university located in Melbourne, Australia. Founded in 1853, it is Australia's second oldest university and the oldest in Victoria. Times Higher Education ranks Melbourne as 33rd in the world, while the Academic Ranking of World Universities places Melbourne 40th in the world (both first in Australia).   Melbourne's main campus is located in Parkville, an inner suburb north of the Melbourne central business district, with several other campuses located across Victoria. Melbourne is a sandstone university and a member of the Group of Eight, Universitas 21 and the Association of Pacific Rim Universities. Since 1872 various residential colleges have become affiliated with the university. There are 12 colleges located on the main campus and in nearby suburbs offering academic, sporting and cultural programs alongside accommodation for Melbourne students and faculty.   Melbourne comprises 11 separate academic units and is associated with numerous institutes and research centres, including the Walter and Eliza Hall Institute of Medical Research, Florey Institute of Neuroscience and Mental Health, the Melbourne Institute of Applied Economic and Social Research and the Grattan Institute. Amongst Melbourne's 15 graduate schools the Melbourne Business School, the Melbourne Law School and the Melbourne Medical School are particularly well regarded.
The Pakistani president Tuesday said his country provided initial help that ultimately led to al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden, but he said it had no clue about the terror mastermind's whereabouts and didn't participate in the U.S. raid to kill the top militant.   Asif Ali Zardari, writing in a Washington Post op-ed column, said that the raid was not a "joint operation" and bin Laden "was not anywhere we had anticipated he would be."   "And we in Pakistan take some satisfaction that our early assistance in identifying an al Qaeda courier ultimately led to this day," Zardari said, referring to the trusted bin Laden aide whose movements helped the United States find the al Qaeda leader.   U.S. politicians and military officials have roundly criticized Pakistan for not being more robust in the fight against al Qaeda, the Taliban and other militants who have a strong presence along the Afghan-Pakistani border.   But Zardari defended Pakistan's anti-terror activities, saying there has been "a decade of cooperation and partnership between the United States" and his country that ultimately led to bin Laden's death.   Zardari said he "endorses the words" of and "appreciates the credit" from U.S. President Barack Obama about Pakistan's role.   In his announcement of bin Laden's death, Obama said it's "important to note that our counterterrorism cooperation with Pakistan helped lead us to bin Laden and the compound where he was hiding."   Zardari said that "some in the U.S. press have suggested that Pakistan lacked vitality in its pursuit of terrorism, or worse yet, that we were disingenuous and actually protected the terrorists we claimed to be pursuing. Such baseless speculation may make exciting cable news, but it doesn't reflect fact. 
Elton John may be famous for smash hits such as "Tiny Dancer" and scores for films such as "The Lion King," but he's also made a name for himself in HIV/AIDS activism.   Advances in treatments for HIV/AIDS have led to some people taking more risks, Elton John says.   The singer-songwriter established the Elton John AIDS Foundation in the United States and the United Kingdom to support HIV prevention programs, efforts to eliminate stigma and discrimination associated with the disease, and care and support services for people living with the condition. The foundation has raised more than $150 million. John has said that Ryan White, an Indiana teenager who died of HIV/AIDS in 1990, inspired him to create this foundation.   John sat down with CNN Chief Medical Correspondent Dr. Sanjay Gupta before speaking Tuesday at the Bio International Convention in Atlanta, Georgia. Here is an edited transcript.   CNN: What are you doing here today?   Elton John: I'm doing a speech about the situation with AIDS in America basically, and how we need to address what's going on. We seem to be falling a little behind in America.   I find this disease very cyclical. Every 10 years or so, after we spend a lot of money trying to educate people -- a new generation of people -- and we tell them to have safe sex and to abstain sometimes but have safe sex, wear condoms, we find that after 10 years another whole group of people come along. And we have to start all over again, which is really, really frustrating because it takes money for education. And we find that if we could get into the schools at a grass-roots levels, which we do in places like Africa where we get to kids at a young age and we tell them about preventive measures for not getting HIV, we find the success rate is tremendous. Watch more of Dr. Gupta's interview with Elton John » 
Do you want to make friends with a special man? Here is some information about him. He is quiet and shy. He likes to hide his eyes behind his hair. He doesn't smile very often. However, if you talk to him about music, he'll have a lot to say. This is Jay Chou, the 34-year-old Taiwanese pop king . His fans are so excited because he will have a singing party next month. Many pop stars will come, too. Chou grew up just with his mother. He did not talk much and did badly in many school subjects. His mother noticed the boy's special interest in music and sent him to learn piano when he was only three years old. He loved it and kept on practicing. Chou is not very handsome. He does not speak clearly when he sings or talks. But the singer has a lot of fans. "He is really good at music. It makes him attractive to me, " said Liu Jiajun, a Junior 2 student in No. 101 Middle School in Beijing. "He is true to himself. _ , "said Zhang Yujie, a Junior 1 girl at No.23 Middle School in Nanjing, Jiangsu Province.
Back in the fifteenth century, in a tiny village near Nuremberg, lived a family with eighteen children.In spite of the hopeless condition, two of the children, Albrecht Durer and Albert, had a dream.They both wanted to pursue their talent for art.After many long discussions, the two boys finally worked out an agreement.They would toss a coin.The loser would go down into the nearby mines and, with his earnings, support his brother who attended the academy.Then, when that brother who won the toss completed his studies, in four years, he would support the other brother at the academy.   Tossing a coin, Albrecht Durer won and went off to Nuremberg.Albert went down into the dangerous mines and, for the next four years, supported his brother, _ work at the academy was almost an immediate sensation .By the time he graduated, he had earned considerable fees for his outstanding works.   When the young artist returned to his village, the Durer family held a festive dinner to celebrate Albrecht's triumphant homecoming.Albrecht drank a toast to his beloved brother for the years of sacrifice that had enabled him to complete his dream."And now, Albert, blessed brother of mine, now it is your turn.Now you can go to Nuremberg to look for your dream, and I will take care of you."   Tears streaming down his pale face, Albert sobbed, "No...no...It is too late for me.Look...look at what four years in the mines have done to my hands!The bones in every finger have been broken at least once, and lately I have been suffering from arthritis so badly in my right hand that I cannot even hold a glass to return your toast, much less draw delicate lines with a pen or a brush."   To show thanks to Albert for all that he had sacrificed, Albrecht Durer painstakingly drew his brother's injured hands with palms together and thin fingers stretched skyward.He called his powerful drawing simply "Hands", but the entire world almost immediately opened their hearts to his great masterpiece and renamed it "The Praying Hands".The next time you see a copy of that touching creation, let it be your reminder--no one ever makes any success alone!
Kuwait (; ', or ), officially the State of Kuwait, is a country in Western Asia. Situated in the northern edge of Eastern Arabia at the tip of the Persian Gulf, it shares borders with Iraq and Saudi Arabia. , Kuwait has a population of 4.2 million people; 1.3 million are Kuwaitis and 2.9 million are expatriates. Expatriates account for 70% of the population.   Oil reserves were discovered in 1938. From 1946 to 1982, the country underwent large-scale modernization. In the 1980s, Kuwait experienced a period of geopolitical instability and an economic crisis following the stock market crash. In 1990, Kuwait was invaded by Iraq. The Iraqi occupation came to an end in 1991 after military intervention by coalition forces. At the end of the war, there were extensive efforts to revive the economy and rebuild national infrastructure.   Kuwait is a constitutional state with a semi-democratic political system. It has a high income economy backed by the world's sixth largest oil reserves. The Kuwaiti dinar is the highest valued currency in the world. According to the World Bank, the country has the fourth highest per capita income in the world. The Constitution was promulgated in 1962. The Kuwait National Cultural District is a member of the Global Cultural Districts Network.
The Atlantic is an American magazine and multi-platform publisher, founded in 1857 as The Atlantic Monthly in Boston, Massachusetts.   The publication is majority owned by Emerson Collective, an organization led by the billionaire philanthropist and investor Laurene Powell Jobs, which purchased its stake in 2017 from businessman and publisher David G. Bradley, who retains a minority interest and remains the operating partner.   Created as a literary and cultural commentary magazine, it has a reputation in the 21st century for a politically moderate viewpoint in its reporting. The magazine has notably recognized and published new writers and poets, as well as encouraged major careers. In the 19th century, it published leading writers' commentary on abolition, education, and other major issues in contemporary political affairs, and continued to publish leading intellectual thought. The periodical was named Magazine of the Year by the American Society of Magazine Editors (ASME) in 2016.   The first issue of the magazine was published by Phillips, Sampson and Company on November 1, 1857. Phillips, Sampson and Company was a very well known publishing firm, led by Moses Dresser Phillips, and "The Atlantic Monthly's" successful launch in the midst of the Panic of 1857 was due in no small part to the firm's established name, Phillips, Sampson and Company's recruitment of popular contributors, and Moses Dresser Phillips's marketing and distribution efforts.The magazine's initiator, and one of the founders, was Francis H. Underwood, an assistant to Moses Dresser Phillips. Underwood received less recognition than his partners because he was "neither a 'humbug' nor a Harvard man". The other founding sponsors were prominent writers, including: Ralph Waldo Emerson; Oliver Wendell Holmes, Sr.; Henry Wadsworth Longfellow; Harriet Beecher Stowe; John Greenleaf Whittier; and James Russell Lowell, who served as its first editor.
Yunnan is a province of the People's Republic of China, located in the far southwest of the country. It spans approximately and has a population of 45.7 million (as of 2009). The capital of the province is Kunming, formerly also known as Yunnan. The province borders the Chinese provinces Guangxi, Guizhou, Sichuan, and the Tibet Autonomous Region, and the countries Vietnam, Laos, and Burma.   Yunnan is situated in a mountainous area, with high elevations in the northwest and low elevations in the southeast. Most of the population lives in the eastern part of the province. In the west, the altitude can vary from the mountain peaks to river valleys as much as . Yunnan is rich in natural resources and has the largest diversity of plant life in China. Of the approximately 30,000 species of higher plants in China, Yunnan has perhaps 17,000 or more. Yunnan's reserves of aluminium, lead, zinc and tin are the largest in China, and there are also major reserves of copper and nickel.   The Han Empire first recorded diplomatic relations with the province at the end of the 2nd century BC. It became the seat of a Sino-Tibetan-speaking kingdom of Nanzhao in the 8th century AD. Nanzhao was multi-ethnic, but the elite most-likely spoke a northern dialect of Yi. The Mongols conquered the region in the 13th century, with local control exercised by warlords until the 1930s. From the Yuan dynasty onward, the area was part of a central-government sponsored population movement towards the Southwestern frontier, with 2 major waves of migrants arriving from Han-majority areas in northern and southeast China. As with other parts of China's southwest, Japanese occupation in the north during World War II forced another migration of majority Han people into the region. These two waves of migration contributed to Yunnan being one of the most ethnically diverse provinces of China, with ethnic minorities accounting for about 34 percent of its total population. Major ethnic groups include Yi, Bai, Hani, Zhuang, Dai and Miao.
The Supreme Court has just agreed to take on the case of Fisher v. University of Texas. Abigail Fisher, a white woman, argues that she has been a victim of the university's race-conscious admission policies; the university contends that its drive for racial and ethnic diversity is educationally enriching -- a benefit to all students.   Will the ugly discourse that generally characterizes debate over racially preferential policies disappear with the wave of a magic Supreme Court wand? It seems unlikely. The issue is a cat with many more than nine lives. It arrived in the early 1970s and, despite many attacks, some of which have taken the form of amendments to state constitutions, it has survived in pretty fine fettle.   The court will have only eight justices to hear the arguments. Elena Kagan, having been involved in the case as solicitor general in the Obama administration, has bowed out of participation. Her absence, however, leaves five justices likely to express at least some degree of skepticism about the racial preferences given to non-Asian minorities in the admissions process.   Has the University of Texas been enriched by academic diversity? Maybe. But equally likely is the possibility that racial double standards reinforce stereotypes about smart whites and even smarter Asians. There are certainly wide gaps in the average SAT scores between blacks and Hispanics, on the one hand, and whites and Asians, on the other hand.   Among freshmen entering the University of Texas in 2009 who did not fall into the top 10% of their high school class (automatic admission at the university), Asians scored at the 93rd percentile of 2009 SAT takers nationwide, whites at the 89th percentile, Hispanics at the 80th percentile and blacks at the 52nd percentile. Startling? No. This picture has been well known for a long time. Heartbreaking, yes, because the numbers mean the underperforming minority students are being woefully ill served by the K-12 school system. Moreover, arriving at institutions of higher education with an academic disadvantage, they do not catch up, as it has become clear. 
Buenos Aires ( or ; ) is the capital and most populous city of Argentina. The city is located on the western shore of the estuary of the Río de la Plata, on the South American continent's southeastern coast. "Buenos aires" can be translated as "fair winds" or "good airs", but the first one was the meaning intended by the founders in the 16th century, by the use of the original name "Real de Nuestra Señora Santa María del Buen Ayre". The Greater Buenos Aires conurbation, which also includes several Buenos Aires Province districts, constitutes the fourth-most populous metropolitan area in the Americas, with a population of around 17 million.   The city of Buenos Aires is neither part of Buenos Aires Province nor the Province's capital; rather, it is an autonomous district. In 1880, after decades of political infighting, Buenos Aires was federalized and removed from Buenos Aires Province. The city limits were enlarged to include the towns of Belgrano and Flores; both are now neighborhoods of the city. The 1994 constitutional amendment granted the city autonomy, hence its formal name: Ciudad Autónoma de Buenos Aires (Autonomous City of Buenos Aires). Its citizens first elected a chief of government (i.e. mayor) in 1996; previously, the mayor was directly appointed by the President of the Republic.
Brigham Young University (often referred to as BYU or, colloquially, The Y) is a private research university located in Provo, Utah, United States. It is owned and operated by The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church), and, excluding online students, is the largest of any religious university and the third largest private university in the United States, with 29,672 on-campus students. Approximately 99 percent of the students are members of the LDS Church, and one-third of its US students are from Utah.   Students attending BYU are required to follow an honor code, which mandates behavior in line with LDS teachings such as academic honesty, adherence to dress and grooming standards, and abstinence from extramarital sex and from the consumption of drugs and alcohol. Many students (88 percent of men, 33 percent of women) either delay enrollment or take a hiatus from their studies to serve as Mormon missionaries. (Men typically serve for two-years, while women serve for 18 months.) An education at BYU is also less expensive than at similar private universities, since "a significant portion" of the cost of operating the university is subsidized by the church's tithing funds.
Alexandra Scott was born to Liz and Jay Scott in Manchester,Connecticut on January 18, 1996,the second of four children. Shortly before her first birthday,Alex was diagnosed with neuroblastoma,a type of childhood cancer.   On her first birthday, the doctors informed Alex's parents that if she beat her cancer it was doubtful that she would ever walk again. Just two weeks later,Alex slightly moved her leg at her parents' request to kick. This was the first indication that she would turn out to be a courageous and confident child with big dreams and big accomplishments.   By her second birthday,Alex was able to stand up with leg braces .She worked hard to gain strength and to learn how to walk. She appeared to be overcoming the difficulties, until the shocking discovery within the next year that her tumors had started growing again. In the year 2000,the day after her fourth birthday,Alex received a stem cell transplant and informed her mother,"When I get out of the hospital I want to have a lemonade stand. " She said she wanted to give the money to doctors to allow them to "help other kids,like they helped me.,,True to her word, she held her first lemonade stand later that year with the help of her older brother and raised an amazing $ 2,000 for "her hospital,   People from all over the world,moved by her story,held their own lemonade stands and donated the earnings to Alex and her cause. In August of 2004,Alex passed away at the age of 8,knowing that,with the help of others,she had raised more than $ 1 million to help find a cure for the disease that took her life. Alex's family--including brothers Patrick,Eddie,and Joey--and supporters around the world are committed to continuing her inspiring cause through Alex's Lemonade Stand Foundation .
The Super Nintendo Entertainment System (officially abbreviated the Super NES[b] or SNES[c], and commonly shortened to Super Nintendo[d]) is a 16-bit home video game console developed by Nintendo that was released in 1990 in Japan and South Korea, 1991 in North America, 1992 in Europe and Australasia (Oceania), and 1993 in South America. In Japan, the system is called the Super Famicom (Japanese: スーパーファミコン, Hepburn: Sūpā Famikon?, officially adopting the abbreviated name of its predecessor, the Family Computer), or SFC for short. In South Korea, it is known as the Super Comboy (슈퍼 컴보이 Syupeo Keomboi) and was distributed by Hyundai Electronics. Although each version is essentially the same, several forms of regional lockout prevent the different versions from being compatible with one another. It was released in Brazil on September 2, 1992, by Playtronic.   To compete with the popular Family Computer in Japan, NEC Home Electronics launched the PC Engine in 1987, and Sega Enterprises followed suit with the Mega Drive in 1988. The two platforms were later launched in North America in 1989 as the TurboGrafx-16 and the Genesis respectively. Both systems were built on 16-bit architectures and offered improved graphics and sound over the 8-bit NES. However, it took several years for Sega's system to become successful. Nintendo executives were in no rush to design a new system, but they reconsidered when they began to see their dominance in the market slipping.
Michael J. "Crocodile Dundee" (also called Mick), played by Paul Hogan, is the main character in the fictional Crocodile Dundee film series consisting of Crocodile Dundee, Crocodile Dundee II, and Crocodile Dundee in Los Angeles. The character is a crocodile hunter, hence the nickname.   In the first film, Crocodile Dundee, Mick is visited by a New York reporter, Sue Charlton, who travels to Australia to investigate a report she heard of a crocodile hunter, who had his leg bitten off by a crocodile in the outback. The hunter supposedly walked more than a hundred miles back to civilization and miraculously survived his injuries. However, by the time she meets him, the story turns out to be a somewhat exaggerated legend where the "bitten-off leg" turns out to be just being some bad scarring on his leg; a "love bite" as Mick calls it. Still _ by the idea of "Crocodile Dundee", Sue continues with the story. They travel together out to where the incident occurred, and follow his route through the bush to the nearest hospital. Despite his old-fashioned views, the pair eventually become close, especially after Mick saves Sue from a crocodile attack.   Feeling there is still more to the story, Sue invites Mick back to New York with her, as his first trip to a city (or "first trip anywhere," as Dundee says). The rest of the film depicts Dundee as a "fish out of water," showing how, despite his expert knowledge of living outdoors, he knows little of city life. Mick meets Sue's boyfriend, Richard, but they do not get along. By the end of the film, Mick is on his way home, lovesick, when Sue realizes she loves Mick, too, and not Richard. She runs to the subway station to stop Mick from leaving and, by passing on messages through the packed-to-the-gills crowd, she tells him she won't marry Richard, and she loves him instead. With the help of the other people in the subway, Mick and Sue have a loving reunion as the film ends.
(Oprah.com) -- When Chicagoan Tammy Jo Long visited Savannah, Georgia, ten years ago, she was delighted by its fountain-filled parks, corner cafÃ©s -- and grand architecture.   Long had always been a design aficionado, but the Italianate and Victorian homes she encountered in Savannah became "an obsession," she says. "I saw a mansion with enormous cornices and cast-iron window surrounds, and I was hooked." So hooked, in fact, that she decided to buy a second home there, closing the deal on her next visit.   Oprah.com: What's Your Design Style?   Her learning curve:   Long was determined to restore her new house to its original glory. Though she'd remodeled a few kitchens and bathrooms over the years, a historically accurate renovation that did justice to the Savannah architecture she loved was daunting.   Oprah.com: 5 things a professional organizer wants you to know   But the all-nighters spent poring over floor plans and scouring eBay for doorknobs paid off: Every detail of the home -- from the crown moldings to the brass finger pulls -- is as it was in the 1800s. Yearning to share her handiwork, Long turned the home into a vacation rental. Soon, enchanted out-of-towners were eagerly booking their stays.   Oprah.com: ingenious ways to decorate small spaces   Her business model:   In 2003 Long quit her job in sales and bought and restored four more homes, traveling between Savannah and Chicago (where she and her ex-husband share custody of their 9-year-old son). "Some of the properties had been vacant for 20 years," Long says. "They had rats you could put a saddle on." 
Ms. Strawberry loved to make vanilla cupcakes! Everyone loved her cupcakes, and she loved making them, too. One morning, she was in the store, buying ingredients for her cupcakes, when she came across the most delicious looking chocolate frosting she had ever seen in her life! She bought a whole bunch, excited about how delicious her cupcakes would be for her cupcake party tonight! She went home and took extra care making her cupcakes that afternoon. She made them extra fluffy, sweet and delicious. She even pulled out her favorite sprinkles for her cupcakes, bright purple ones, which was her favorite color. She couldn't believe how amazing her cupcakes were going to be for the cupcake party! That night at the cupcake party, Ms. Strawberry showed everyone her plate of delicious cupcakes! So many of her friends were there for the party. There was Mrs. Apple, Mr. Banana, Ms. Mitten, Mr. Green and even quiet Mr. Lemon showed up. Everyone was very happy about her cupcakes! Everyone except Mr. Lemon. Mr. Lemon took one bite of that cupcake and said, "Eew! This is the worst cupcake in the world!" Ms. Strawberry didn't know what to say! Were they really the worst cupcakes in the world? She had tried so hard! Ms. Strawberry started to cry. "Why don't you like my cupcakes, Mr. Lemon? I worked so hard to make the extra delicious!" Mr. Lemon said, "I don't like vanilla, and I don't like chocolate!" Ms. Strawberry cried even more! "There, there," said Mrs. Apple, and patted Ms. Strawberry on the head. "It's okay. Not everyone is going to like your cupcakes! You only have to know that you worked hard and that they're still tasty!" With that, Ms. Strawberry stopped crying, and she and Mr. Lemon made up.
Botany, also called plant science(s) or plant biology, is the science of plant life and a branch of biology. A botanist or plant scientist is a scientist who specializes in this field. The term "botany" comes from the Ancient Greek word βοτάνη (botanē) meaning "pasture", "grass", or "fodder"; βοτάνη is in turn derived from βόσκειν (boskein), "to feed" or "to graze". Traditionally, botany has also included the study of fungi and algae by mycologists and phycologists respectively, with the study of these three groups of organisms remaining within the sphere of interest of the International Botanical Congress. Nowadays, botanists study approximately 400,000 species of living organisms of which some 260,000 species are vascular plants and about 248,000 are flowering plants.   Botany originated in prehistory as herbalism with the efforts of early humans to identify – and later cultivate – edible, medicinal and poisonous plants, making it one of the oldest branches of science. Medieval physic gardens, often attached to monasteries, contained plants of medical importance. They were forerunners of the first botanical gardens attached to universities, founded from the 1540s onwards. One of the earliest was the Padua botanical garden. These gardens facilitated the academic study of plants. Efforts to catalogue and describe their collections were the beginnings of plant taxonomy, and led in 1753 to the binomial system of Carl Linnaeus that remains in use to this day.
The New Testament (, "Hē Kainḕ Diathḗkē"; ) is the second part of the Christian biblical canon, the first part being the Old Testament, based on the Hebrew Bible. The New Testament discusses the teachings and person of Jesus, as well as events in first-century Christianity. Christians regard both the Old and New Testaments together as sacred scripture. The New Testament (in whole or in part) has frequently accompanied the spread of Christianity around the world. It reflects and serves as a source for Christian theology and morality. Both extended readings and phrases directly from the New Testament are also incorporated (along with readings from the Old Testament) into the various Christian liturgies. The New Testament has influenced religious, philosophical, and political movements in Christendom and left an indelible mark on literature, art, and music.   The New Testament is a collection of Christian works written in the common (Koine) Greek language of the first century, at different times by various writers, and the modern consensus is that it also provides important evidence regarding Judaism in the first century AD. In almost all Christian traditions today, the New Testament consists of 27 books. The original texts were written in the first and perhaps the second centuries of the Christian Era, in Greek, which was the common language of the Eastern Mediterranean from the Conquests of Alexander the Great (335–323 BC) until the Muslim conquests in the 7th century AD. All the works that eventually became incorporated into the New Testament are believed to have been written no later than around 150 AD.
The Americans believe that anybody can become President of the United States. In a recent Hollywood comedy , that is exactly what happens.   Dave Kovic, played by Kevin Kline, is a kind-hearted man who runs a business that finds people jobs. He leads a typical American way of life, except for one thing-he looks exactly like the President, Bill Mitchell. In fact, the only thing that makes him different from the nation's leader is that he is very nice!   The president has started using look-alikes during some public appearances. Dave is offered a chance to "serve his country" by becoming _ . However, things go wrong. The President becomes very ill and Dave ends up acting as the President forever.   Director Ivan Reitman, who made the popular and successful comedies like Twins, Ghostbusters and Legal Eagles, could have gone for easy laughs by making fun of the American government. Instead, Dave is an attractive comedy about an ordinary man in extraordinary situations. Kevin Kline gives a double performance as Dave and the President, and Sigourney Weaver is at her best as his First Lady. The love story that develops between her role and Dave is a real classic .   The film is 100% American. However, if you've ever felt that anybody could do a better job running the country than the people in power, then you'll enjoy Dave!
When I entered college in the early 1980s, I had my heart set on being a first-grade teacher. I did all of my observations in others' first-grade classroom. I interviewed for my first job in a first-grade classroom. At last the district offered me a job---as a fifth-grade teacher in an inner-city building, considered at the time to be one of our district's most difficult tasks. It wasn't the first-grade classroom after I had hoped for, but it was my classroom after I had made such great efforts!   I managed to deal with everything in first year successfully, while working to form relationships with my students was no easy thing, especially with Alexader. He had learning disabilities in both math and reading. The other children were sometimes unfriendly to him. He was a difficult child to get to open up, but I was determined to make efforts.   You can imagine my delight when finally, in late spring, Alexander raised his hand during the math class discussion for the first time ever. Thrilled, I immediately called him.   Well, you can imagine my surprise when he suddenly told a story about his grandma, who had a hole in her head. You see, we were studying fraction that day, and I had just explained that a fraction is "a part of a whole". Alexander obviously didn't realize the difference between "whole" and "hole". "Homophones ''I told myself,"had better be tomorrow's English lesson."   Acknowledging Alexander that day was exactly what he needed from me. We had suddenly developed a special relationship. Alexander felt such a connection to me after that, that he even went one step further.   I arrived at the school the following morning and was surprised to find Alexander and his grandma waiting for me. Grandma began by saying,"Alexander said he told you that I had a hole in my head."I smiled nervously and said ,"Don't worry. You know kids! They have great imaginations"Grandma replied,"You didn't believe him, did you?""No, of course not,"I said .Well, just at that time, Grandma proudly showed the hole in her head.   I will never forget that day, and the lesson that I learned from being Alexander's teacher.   If a child ever again tells me about a family member with a hole in his or her head, I will believe him or her!
China's top labor official said the country is planning to push back the age at which workers can retire.   Yin Weimin, minister of human resources and social security, demonstrated that we did not put a timetable on the move when he spoke about it during a forum at the weekend.   "Delaying the retirement age is a very complicated issue and we will study it according to the situations of population and employment and consider different groups of people," Yin said.   He noted that _ in the retirement age have been brought in by many countries and can be a good way to deal with an aging population and ensure the healthy and stable development of social security.   The life expectancy of Chinese people is now 73 years and is expected to rise to 74 during the next five years, he said.   Nearly three out of 10 Chinese people will be older than 60 by 2040, according to a United Nations forecast.   The retirement age in China currently is 60 for men and 55 for female civil servants and 50 for female workers.   The idea of delaying the retirement age is being widely supported by government officials, while many laborers and non-government employees were less enthusiastic about the prospect of working for longer. Currently, they have to pay into their pension plans for at least 15 years before they can retire.   Chen Xianlian, a female worker at a motorcycle parts manufacturer in Chongqing municipality is among those who would like to see the retirement age left as it is. "I have to do lots of tough and repetitive work every day and I feel very tired after my working day," the 41-year-old said. "All my colleagues are discussing the government's possible move to lift the retirement age. None of us wants to work any extra years."   University graduates also fear that any rise in the retirement age could limit their employment opportunities.
There is no evidence to suggest that the two men who used stolen passports to get aboard Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 had anything to do with its disappearance Saturday as it was flying from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing, an official said Tuesday.   "The more information we get, the more we're inclined to conclude that it was not a terrorist incident," Interpol Secretary General Ronald Noble told reporters Tuesday at his organization's headquarters in Lyon, France.   Here's what we know about what happened, how it happened and why.   WHO ARE THEY?   The passengers are Delavar Seyed Mohammad Reza, 29, and Pouri Nourmohammadi, 18.   They entered Malaysia on February 28 using valid Iranian passports.   CNN obtained an iReport photo of what appears to be the two men with two of their friends. Metadata from the photo indicates that it was shot with an iPhone at 8:20 p.m. the night before the plane departed. CNN has blurred the faces of the other two men to protect their identities.   WHAT HAPPENED?   To fly out of Malaysia, Reza and Nourmohammadi used passports that were stolen in Thailand, a booming market for stolen passports. The passports belonged to citizens of Italy and Austria.   "Thailand remains a robust venue for the sale of high-quality, false passports (which includes altered, stolen passports) and other supporting documentation," said Paul Quaglia, who has been working in the region as a security and risk analyst for 14 years.   The Italian, Luigi Maraldi, 37, told reporters he reported his passport stolen in August. The Austrian, Christian Kozel, 30, had his stolen in July 2013. 
The region, as part of Lorraine, was part of the Holy Roman Empire, and then was gradually annexed by France in the 17th century, and formalized as one of the provinces of France. The Calvinist manufacturing republic of Mulhouse, known as Stadtrepublik Mülhausen, became a part of Alsace after a vote by its citizens on 4 January 1798. Alsace is frequently mentioned with and as part of Lorraine and the former duchy of Lorraine, since it was a vital part of the duchy, and later because German possession as the imperial province (Alsace-Lorraine, 1871–1918) was contested in the 19th and 20th centuries; France and Germany exchanged control of parts of Lorraine (including Alsace) four times in 75 years.   With the decline of the Roman Empire, Alsace became the territory of the Germanic Alemanni. The Alemanni were agricultural people, and their Germanic language formed the basis of modern-day dialects spoken along the Upper Rhine (Alsatian, Alemannian, Swabian, Swiss). Clovis and the Franks defeated the Alemanni during the 5th century AD, culminating with the Battle of Tolbiac, and Alsace became part of the Kingdom of Austrasia. Under Clovis' Merovingian successors the inhabitants were Christianized. Alsace remained under Frankish control until the Frankish realm, following the Oaths of Strasbourg of 842, was formally dissolved in 843 at the Treaty of Verdun; the grandsons of Charlemagne divided the realm into three parts. Alsace formed part of the Middle Francia, which was ruled by the youngest grandson Lothar I. Lothar died early in 855 and his realm was divided into three parts. The part known as Lotharingia, or Lorraine, was given to Lothar's son. The rest was shared between Lothar's brothers Charles the Bald (ruler of the West Frankish realm) and Louis the German (ruler of the East Frankish realm). The Kingdom of Lotharingia was short-lived, however, becoming the stem duchy of Lorraine in Eastern Francia after the Treaty of Ribemont in 880. Alsace was united with the other Alemanni east of the Rhine into the stem duchy of Swabia.
Micro blogs like Weibo are nothing new for the young Chinese. A newspaper in Chengdu did a survey last month. It found that 90 percent of junior high school students use micro blogs. They give students an outlet for emotion. "I use micro blogs to record my life. I let everyone 'see' my feelings and complaints ," said Liu Fangyue, 14, from Xiamen No. 1 Middle School. They have fun with classmates even after school. "I would send a message to praise someone who came first in the exam," said Liu. Teachers also join in the fun. "When I sit down to talk to my students, they may not tell me their real thoughts," said Lu Dongping at Nanning No. 2 Middle School. "But on micro blogs, they are more relaxed. They even make fun of me." You would be wrong if you think micro blogs are all about fun. Zhong Yun from Xiamen Haicang Experimental School sees it as a tool to learn English. The 13-year-old girl follows foreign stars such as Avril Lavigne and Justin Bieber. "In order to understand their English posts, I have to check the dictionary and learn many new words," said Zhong. "Micro blogs widen students' perspectives , but there are rules to follow," said Shi Zhongying, a professor from Beijing Normal University. He shares some of them with micro bloggers. "Manage your time, and don't let micro-blogging affect your studies and health," said Shi. "Don't give out your name, family address or phone number on micro blogs. You should also respect truth and other people's privacy ."
Matt is an adult. He is looking for a job. He hopes to become a clown someday. He wants to be a clown because he loves making people laugh. In order to be a clown, Matt must go to clown school.   One day, Matt's friend tells him about a clown school in St. Louis. Matt becomes excited!   The next day, Matt goes to the clown school in St. Louis. Matt's friend does not go with him. Matt's friend does not want to be a clown because he doesn't like to look weird.   When Matt arrives at clown school, he sees a clown riding on a blue tricycle. The clown asks, "What are you doing here?"   Matt says, "I want to become a clown."   "Well, can you ride this blue tricycle?" the clown asked.   "Yes," Matt said. He rode the blue tricycle all around the clown school. In the classrooms, in the gym, and in the lunchroom.   "You have what it takes to be a clown," the clown said, "you are accepted to clown school."
The cruelty and inhumanity of the war is just as cruel an inhumane through the eyes of a horse. Or at least in the eyes of Joey, the star of War Horse (<< >> ). The film has come out in cinemas on February 28, 2012 on the Chinese mainland.   The story starts on a farm in Devon, southwest England. The Narracott family--Dad, Mum, and their teenage son Albert - rent the farm. When Dad buys a beautiful horse, Albert falls in love with him. He trains him and names him Joey. They become as close as it is possible for a human and an animal to be.   But World War I breaks out. Dad has to sell the horse to an English Army officer to pay the rent. Joey and Albert can no longer be together. Albert promises Joey that they'll find each other again one day. Then Albert goes on a journey to search for his friend.   But the four years of war are about Joey's journey. He starts as the mount of the English officer. Then he becomes a German workhorse. He is given to a French teenager and her grandpa. He has to face the tanks on the front line. The story ends in a sunset scene on the battlefield. Albert has become a soldier. The two are reunited.   Battle scenes are part of the story , but the movie's Oscar-winning director Steven Spielberg said that War Horse is not a war movie.   "I consider it to be a love between a horse and a young man... It's about the connectivity that an animal can bring to human characters," Spielberg said.   Roger Moore of the Chicago Tribune said Spielberg manages in the film to "measure a man by how he acts toward animals".   In one scene, a British soldier and a German soldier join hands to _ Joey.   " Men on opposing sides of war find their shared humanity in their love of animals in War Horse, I appreciated this work." Moore concluded.
Scotland's first minister Alex Salmond has warned American billionaire Donald Trump against interfering in government matters ahead of his controversial golf course opening   The Trump International Golf Links, which the tycoon hopes will become the world's best course, is due to open in Aberdeenshire on July 10, but plans for an adjoining hotel have been shelved due to a row over the development of a nearby offshore wind farm.   Trump claims he was misled by Salmond over the American's $1 billion project and has threatened to sue the Scottish government if the wind farm development is not abandoned.   But Salmond, who has welcomed the golf course's construction, told Trump not to interfere in Scotland's energy policy.   Who will golf's run of new major winners   "Donald Trump is building a fantastic golf course in Scotland that I very much support and I've been a great supporter of it," Salmond told CNN at the TED Global conference in the Scottish capital of Edinburgh.   "Unfortunately, recently, he has tried to tell the Scottish Government how to run our energy policy.   "So, I suppose the message I have to say is, yes to great golf courses, we have the greatest golf courses in the world in Scotland and one more won't do any harm, but let the democratically elected government of Scotland decide its own energy policy."   In April, Trump appeared in the Scottish parliament to express his opposition to the North Sea wind farm.   Salmond has questioned the strategy of Trump, who will open his new course with a ceremony including local golf stars such as Colin Montgomerie and Paul Lawrie, to potentially pursue legal action against the Scottish government. 
What could a poem writer and a movie director share? More than you think! Langston Hughes began writing poems in high school and soon became one of America's greatest writers. Most of his writing is about his experiences as an African American. He wrote poems about people who worked hard through life but still found things to be happy about. He wrote plays and books about justice for all people, and he wrote kids' books, too. The Sweet and Sour Animal Book is a book of his animal poems. Pictures and photos were used in the book. "Hold fast to dreams" is a line in a famous Hughes poem. That's exactly what he did throughout his life. When Steven Spielberg was in middle school, he wanted to make a film. He had an idea for a movie, but no money. He started a tree-planting business and made his film with the money he earned. Spielberg never stopped making films, even after many film schools refused him. Today he is one of the most popular and important filmmakers in the world. His movies are about people who are adventurous , brave, kind. His characters often fight for what is good. Some of his films are about his Jewish background, such as Schindler's List. Spielberg once said, "I don't dream that much at night because I dream for a living." In different ways, both Hughes and Spielberg have encouraged people of all ages to reach for their dreams.
Asian football chief Mohammed Bin Hammam will be Sepp Blatter's only opponent in the forthcoming FIFA presidential elections, the sport's governing body confirmed on Monday.   The 75-year-old Blatter, who has held office since 1998, will go head-to-head with the Qatari on June 1 in Zurich, Switzerland.   Elias Figueroa, a former international defender for Chile, had intended to put himself forward for the role but announced last week there was not enough time for a credible campaign to be launched.   American journalist Grant Wahl said earlier this year he was hoping to stand, but it was more a ploy to raise awareness about what he called the "need for change" at an organization which has earned $4.189 billion over the last four years than a realistic challenge to Blatter's supremacy.   Marvelous Mourinho record falls -- but will it ever be beaten?   Africa's Issa Hayatou was the last candidate to run against the Swiss when he was defeated in the 2002 ballot, which came after a campaign of accusations of financial mismanagement at FIFA.   Bin Hammam, a FIFA executive committee member and president of the Asian Football Confederation, told CNN last month that the time had arrived for change in the organization after more than a decade under the stewardship of the Swiss.   Blatter, who has been involved with FIFA since 1975, announced at a recent UEFA congress in Paris this will be his last term as president if he is elected for another four years at the helm.   Blatter plans final term as Bin Hammam calls for change 
A former top appointee of Chris Christie says there is evidence contradicting what the New Jersey governor has said publicly about the notorious George Washington Bridge traffic lane closures that have roiled the Republican's administration, according to the man's lawyer.   David Wildstein resigned his position at the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey in December amid allegations that Christie appointees had ordered access lanes to the nation's biggest river crossing in Fort Lee closed last year to punish that town's mayor politically for not endorsing Christie for reelection.   Wildstein's attorney, Alan Zegas, wrote on Friday that "evidence exists" contradicting Christie's recollection about the lane closures at a news conference earlier this month.   "Evidence exists ... tying Mr. Christie to having knowledge of the lane closures, during the period when the lanes were closed, contrary to what the governor stated publicly in a two-hour press conference (on January 9)," Zegas said in a letter to the general counsel of the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, which operates the bridge and where Wildstein had worked for the governor.   Days of lane closures   The letter references the closures over a work week in September, but does not suggest that "evidence" contradicts anything Christie has said so far about his advisers at the time or any role they might have played in alleged political shenanigans.   The letter also does not suggest that Christie had any advance knowledge of the closings. Zegas also didn't disclose the evidence.   CNN Senior Legal Analyst Jeffrey Toobin said Zegas' letter is just that. "It's not sworn testimony. It's not proof," he said. 
Albert Arnold Gore Jr. (born March 31, 1948) is an American politician and environmentalist who served as the 45th Vice President of the United States from 1993 to 2001. Gore was Bill Clinton's running mate in their successful campaign in 1992, and the pair were re-elected in 1996. Near the end of President Clinton's second term, Gore was selected as the Democratic nominee for the 2000 presidential election but did not win the election. After his term as vice-president ended in 2001, Gore remained prominent as an author and environmental activist, whose work in climate change activism earned him (jointly with the IPCC) the Nobel Peace Prize in 2007.   Gore was an elected official for 24 years. He was a Representative from Tennessee (1977–85) and from 1985 to 1993 served as one of the state's Senators. He served as Vice President during the Clinton administration from 1993 to 2001. In the 2000 presidential election, in what was one of the closest presidential races in history, Gore won the popular vote but lost in the Electoral College to Republican George W. Bush. A controversial election dispute over a vote recount in Florida was settled by the U.S. Supreme Court, which ruled 5–4 in favor of Bush.
Fort Worth is the 16th-largest city in the United States and the fifth-largest city in the state of Texas. The city is in North Central Texas and covers nearly in the counties of Denton, Parker, Wise, and Tarrant, of which it is the county seat. According to the 2016 census estimates, Fort Worth's population is 854,113. The city is the in the Dallas–Fort Worth–Arlington metropolitan area (the "DFW Metroplex").   The city was established in 1849 as an Army outpost on a bluff overlooking the Trinity River. Today, Fort Worth still embraces its Western heritage and traditional architecture and design. is the first ship of the United States Navy named after the city.   Fort Worth is home to the Van Cliburn International Piano Competition and several world-class museums designed by internationally known contemporary architects. The Kimbell Art Museum, considered to have one of the best collections in Texas, is housed in what is widely regarded as one of the state's foremost works of modern architecture, designed by Louis Kahn with an addition by Renzo Piano. Also of note is the Modern Art Museum of Fort Worth, designed by Tadao Ando. The Amon Carter Museum of American Art, designed by Philip Johnson, houses one of the world's most extensive collections of American art. The Sid Richardson Museum, redesigned by David M. Schwarz, has one of the most focused collections of Western Art in the U.S., emphasizing Frederic Remington and Charles Russell.
In philosophy, idealism is the group of philosophies which assert that reality, or reality as we can know it, is fundamentally mental, mentally constructed, or otherwise immaterial. Epistemologically, idealism manifests as a skepticism about the possibility of knowing any mind-independent thing. In a sociological sense, idealism emphasizes how human ideas—especially beliefs and values—shape society. As an ontological doctrine, idealism goes further, asserting that all entities are composed of mind or spirit. Idealism thus rejects physicalist and dualist theories that fail to ascribe priority to the mind.   The earliest extant arguments that the world of experience is grounded in the mental derive from India and Greece. The Hindu idealists in India and the Greek Neoplatonists gave panentheistic arguments for an all-pervading consciousness as the ground or true nature of reality. In contrast, the Yogācāra school, which arose within Mahayana Buddhism in India in the 4th century CE, based its "mind-only" idealism to a greater extent on phenomenological analyses of personal experience. This turn toward the subjective anticipated empiricists such as George Berkeley, who revived idealism in 18th-century Europe by employing skeptical arguments against materialism.
As young Chinese increasingly forget how to write characters because they don't have to, using keyboards and touch screen technology on mobile phones is changing the trend.   For Yin Liang, a 26-year-old purchasing agent at a company, his embarrassment over forgetting how to write characters has gradually disappeared since he started to use the handwriting input method on his iPhone 4 a month ago.   "When you write on the touch screen, you use your finger, instead of a mouse or keyboard," Yin says.   "Actually, your finger is like a pen, writing the complicated characters that have long been spelled by pinyin, an alphabet-based input system. Whether typing on computers or texting on phones, most users in China type by phonetically spelling out the sounds of the characters and the software then gives a menu of characters that fit the pronunciation, so users only need to recognize the character.   Handwriting technology on a mobile phone touch screen has been around for years and became popular with the iPhone, which recognizes the input and offers a wide selection of characters.   "It's efficient and accurate," Yin says.   Chinese characters are the oldest continuously used system of writing in the world, but as pinyin-based typing has become more widespread, youths have started forgetting how to write out characters. This was one of the main topics for debate at the first Cross-Straits Chinese Character Art Festival, held recently in Beijing, which attracted experts from Taiwan and the mainland.   According to Zhang Zikang, president of the Culture and Art Publishing House, writing with a pen on the touch screen brings handwriting into the digital age. It is even better when you write with your finger, feeling the flow of the cursive script and the grace and art of Chinese characters, he says.   "Smart gadgets don't take life from the square-shaped characters, instead they offer a new and advanced platform to show the charm of Chinese characters, which are always evolving," Zhang says.
Baymax, a new Disney character, has made everyone like him and want to hug him. The big robot is from the Disney movie--- Big hero 6. He lives with a fourteen-year-old smart boy called Hiro Hamada. Baymax has helped Hiro get through hard times after Hiro's elder brother died in an accident. Soon Hiro finds that some bad people are behind his brother's death and want to take the city. To stop it , he uses his high-tech gadgets and turns Baymax and his four other friends into super heroes. The movie has received very good feedback . In February, the movie won the best animation feature of the 87thOscar Awards. Baymax has become popular thanks to his big soft body and his comforting voice. People say his love can be found on the screen. Mothers in Japan have started to make Baymax-sharped white rice balls for children. In China, fans warmly call him "the big white". The friendship between Baymax and Hiro makes many people cry in the cinema. As a nursing robot, Baymax is never designed to be a super hero. He dares to love you without expecting anything for himself. I think we all love him because of his love.
(CNN)Hawaii is poised to become the first state in the nation to prohibit the sale of cigarettes and other tobacco products to anybody under age 21.   The state's legislature on Friday passed a bill raising the minimum legal age -- currently 18 -- to buy tobacco or e-cigarettes. The bill will now go before Gov. David Ige, whose signature would make it law in Hawaii as of January 1, 2016.   Forty-six U.S. states permit the sale of tobacco to anyone 18 or older, while Alabama, Alaska, New Jersey and Utah require customers to be at least 19. Dozens of cities and towns, including New York, have already raised the minimum legal age for tobacco purchases to 21.   "This bold step will reduce smoking among young people, save lives and help make the next generation tobacco-free," said Matthew L. Myers, president of the Campaign for Tobacco-Free Kids, in a prepared statement.   "Increasing the sale age to 21 will reduce tobacco use among youth and young adults, age groups when nearly all smoking begins and that are heavily targeted by the tobacco industry," he said.   It was not clear Monday whether Ige would sign the bill, although on Friday he approved legislation banning the the use of e-cigarettes in all locations where smoking is illegal. A spokeswoman for the governor told CNN in an email that he would need some time to review the bill.   The legislation comes after a report last month from the Institute of Medicine that said barring people under age 21 from buying cigarettes would have significant public health benefits. Setting the minimum age at 21 nationwide would result in nearly a quarter-million fewer premature deaths and 50,000 fewer deaths from lung cancer among people born between 2000 and 2019, the report estimated. 
The dissolution of the Soviet Union was formally enacted on December 26, 1991, as a result of the declaration no. 142-Н of the Soviet of the Republics of the Supreme Soviet of the Soviet Union. The declaration acknowledged the independence of the former Soviet republics and created the Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS), although five of the signatories ratified it much later or not at all. On the previous day, Soviet President Mikhail Gorbachev, the eighth and last leader of the Soviet Union, resigned, declared his office extinct, and handed over its powers – including control of the Soviet nuclear missile launching codes – to Russian President Boris Yeltsin. That evening at 7:32 p.m., the Soviet flag was lowered from the Kremlin for the last time and replaced with the pre-revolutionary Russian flag.   Mikhail Gorbachev was elected General Secretary by the Politburo on March 11, 1985, three hours after predecessor Konstantin Chernenko's death at age 73. Gorbachev, aged 54, was the youngest member of the Politburo. His initial goal as general secretary was to revive the Soviet economy, and he realized that doing so would require reforming underlying political and social structures. The reforms began with personnel changes of senior Brezhnev-era officials who would impede political and economic change. On April 23, 1985, Gorbachev brought two protégés, Yegor Ligachev and Nikolai Ryzhkov, into the Politburo as full members. He kept the "power" ministries happy by promoting KGB Head Viktor Chebrikov from candidate to full member and appointing Minister of Defence Marshal Sergei Sokolov as a Politburo candidate.
Woody Harrelson defended his clash with a photographer at a New York airport Wednesday night as a case of mistaken identity -- he says he mistook the cameraman for a zombie.   Woody Harrelson says he got into a clash with a photographer because he mistook him for a zombie.   The TMZ photographer filed a complaint with police claiming the actor damaged his camera and pushed him in the face at La Guardia Airport, according to an airport spokesman.   "We're looking into this allegation and if it's warranted, we'll turn it over to the proper authorities," said Port Authority of New York and New Jersey spokesman Ron Marsico.   The photographer, who was not identified, captured the encounter on a small camera after his larger one was broken.   Harrelson, who is being sued by another TMZ photographer for an alleged assault in 2006, did not deny his involvement.   "I wrapped a movie called 'Zombieland,' in which I was constantly under assault by zombies, then flew to New York, still very much in character," Harrelson said in a statement issued Friday by his publicist.   "With my daughter at the airport I was startled by a paparazzo, who I quite understandably mistook for a zombie," he said.   TMZ.com posted two videos of the incident, including one recorded by the larger camera before it was damaged.   The first video shows the photographer following Harrelson and his daughter down an escalator and out of the terminal. It ends with Harrelson apparently reaching for the lens. 
"Norton," Sheppard said, "I saw Rufus Johnson yesterday. Do you know what he was doing?" The child looked at him with a kind of half attention, his eyes forward but not yet engaged. They were a paler blue than his father's as if they might have faded like the shirt; one of them listed, almost imperceptibly , toward the outer rim.   "He was in a path," Sheppard said, "and he had his hand in a garbage can. He was trying to get something to eat out of it." He paused to let this soak in. "He was hungry," he finished, and tried to pierce the child's conscience with his gaze.   The boy picked up the piece of chocolate cake and began to bite it from one corner.   "Norton," Sheppard said, "do you have any idea what it means to share?"   A flicker of attention. "Some of it is yours," Norton said.   "Some of it is his," Sheppard said heavily. It was hopeless. Almost any fault would have been preferable to selfishness--a violent temper, even a tendency to lie.   The child turned the bottle of tomato sauce upside-down and began thumping sauce onto the cake.   Sheppard's look of pain increased. "You are ten and Rufus Johnson is fourteen," he said. "Yet, I'm sure your shirts would fit Rufus." Rufus Johnson was a boy whom he had been trying to help at the reformatory for the past year. He had been released two months ago. "When he was in the reformatory, he looked pretty good, but when I saw him yesterday, he was skin and bones. He hasn't been eating cake with peanut butter on it for breakfast."   The child paused. "It's not fresh," he said. "That's why I have to put stuff on it."   Sheppard turned his face to the window at the end of the bar. The side lawn, green and even, sloped fifty feet or so down to a small suburban wood. When his wife was living, they had often eaten outside, even breakfast on the grass. He had never noticed then that the child was selfish. ks5u   "Listen to me," he said, turning back to him, "look at me and listen."   The boy looked at him. At least his eyes were forward.   "I gave Rufus a key to the house when he left the reformatory---to show my confidence in him and so he would have a place he could come to and feel welcome any time. He didn't use it, but I think he'll use it now because he's seen me and he's hungry. And if he doesn't use it, I'm going out and find him and bring him here. I can't see a child eating out of garbage cans."   The boy frowned. It was dawning upon him that something of his was threatened.   Sheppard's mouth stretched in disgust. "Rufus's father died before he was born," he said. "His mother is in the state penitentiary . He was raised by his grandfather in a shack without water or electricity and the old man beat him every day. How would you like to belong to a family like that?"   "I don't know" the child said lamely.   "Well, you might think about it sometime," Sheppard said.   Sheppard was City Recreational Director. On Saturday he worked at the reformatory as a counselor, receiving nothing for it but the satisfaction of knowing he was helping boys no one else cared about. Johnson was the most intelligent boy he had worked with.   Norton turned what was left of the cake over as if he no longer wanted it.   "You started that, now finish it," Sheppard said.   "Maybe he won't come," the child said and his eyes brightened slightly.
Software engineering (SE) is the application of engineering to the development of software in a systematic method.   Typical formal definitions of software engineering include:   When the first digital computers appeared in the early 1940s, the instructions to make them operate were wired into the machine. Practitioners quickly realized that this design was not flexible and came up with the "stored program architecture" or von Neumann architecture. Thus the division between "hardware" and "software" began with abstraction being used to deal with the complexity of computing.   Programming languages started to appear in the early 1950s and this was also another major step in abstraction. Major languages such as Fortran, ALGOL, and COBOL were released in the late 1950s to deal with scientific, algorithmic, and business problems respectively. Edsger W. Dijkstra wrote his seminal paper, "Go To Statement Considered Harmful", in 1968 and David Parnas introduced the key concept of modularity and information hiding in 1972 to help programmers deal with the ever increasing complexity of software systems.   The origins of the term "software engineering" have been attributed to different sources, but it was used in 1968 as a title for the World's first conference on software engineering, sponsored and facilitated by NATO. The conference was attended by international experts on software who agreed on defining best practices for software grounded in the application of engineering. The result of the conference is a report that defines how software should be developed. The original report is publicly available.
The Taliban ( ' "students"), alternatively spelled Taleban, which refers to itself as the Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan (IEA), is a Sunni Islamic fundamentalist political movement in Afghanistan currently waging war (an insurgency, or jihad) within that country. Since 2016, the Taliban's leader is Mawlawi Hibatullah Akhundzada.   From 1996 to 2001, the Taliban held power over roughly three quarters of Afghanistan, and enforced there a strict interpretation of Sharia, or Islamic law. The Taliban emerged in 1994 as one of the prominent factions in the Afghan Civil War, and largely consisted of students recently trained in madrassas in Pakistan. Under the leadership of Mohammed Omar, the movement spread throughout most of Afghanistan, sequestering power from the Mujahideen warlords. The Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan was established in 1996 and the Afghan capital transferred to Kandahar. It held control of most of the country until being overthrown by the American-led invasion of Afghanistan in December 2001 following the September 11 attacks. At its peak, formal diplomatic recognition of the Taliban's government was acknowledged by only three nations: Pakistan, Saudi Arabia, and the United Arab Emirates. The group later regrouped as an insurgency movement to fight the American-backed Karzai administration and the NATO-led International Security Assistance Force (ISAF).
The 2008 Summer Olympics torch relay was run from March 24 until August 8, 2008, prior to the 2008 Summer Olympics, with the theme of "one world, one dream". Plans for the relay were announced on April 26, 2007, in Beijing, China. The relay, also called by the organizers as the "Journey of Harmony", lasted 129 days and carried the torch 137,000 km (85,000 mi) – the longest distance of any Olympic torch relay since the tradition was started ahead of the 1936 Summer Olympics.   After being lit at the birthplace of the Olympic Games in Olympia, Greece on March 24, the torch traveled to the Panathinaiko Stadium in Athens, and then to Beijing, arriving on March 31. From Beijing, the torch was following a route passing through six continents. The torch has visited cities along the Silk Road, symbolizing ancient links between China and the rest of the world. The relay also included an ascent with the flame to the top of Mount Everest on the border of Nepal and Tibet, China from the Chinese side, which was closed specially for the event.
Washington (CNN)Potential Republican presidential hopeful Ben Carson is apologizing after being accused of plagiarism -- even as the author of one of the books Carson is accused of lifting material from is rushing to his defense.   "I attempted to appropriately cite and acknowledge all sources in America the Beautiful, but inadvertently missed some. I apologize, and I am working with my editors to rectify the situation," Carson said in a statement his representative, Armstrong Williams, provided to CNN.   BuzzFeed News broke the story earlier this week that Carson had lifted material from a number of books and online sources for his 2012 book "America the Beautiful."   Among those sources is SocialismSucks.net, a site whose founder acknowledged to BuzzFeed that Carson had taken some of his comments. Other sources included "The Five Thousand Year Leap" by W. Cleon Skousen, a Liberty Institute press release, CBS News and author William Federer's book "America's God and Country."   Carson, a neurosurgeon who's said he'll make a decision on a 2016 bid by this spring, is the latest GOP presidential contender to be hit with plagiarism charges. Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.) faced similar accusations about his own book in 2013.   The plagiarism charges have "blindsided" Carson, a source close to the neurosurgeon reportedly told the National Review Online.   "Alongside the author, we too take these matters very seriously. We have been in contact with the author and agent and will work with them to review the given information. We will respond as appropriate," a spokesperson for HarperCollins Christian publishing, which published Carson's book, told BuzzFeed. 
Suhklal lives in India. He works every day, but can only buy food, not anything else, even clothes. One day, Suhklal heard about a non-profit organization called GOONJ. This organization does not give away free clothes or sell clothes for money. Instead, GOONJ asks people to work to help the community. In return, GOONJ supplies people with clothes. Suhklal said the experience made him happy. He felt proud of his work and his new clothes.   In 1998, Anshu Gupta and his wife wanted to help the people affected by a crisis , so they gathered all the clothes they had not worn. Looking at their gathered clothing, they wanted to start a new clothing organization. But they wanted their organization to be different from others. They wanted to collect clothing all year round -- not just in times of crisis. And more importantly, they wanted to serve people in a way that made them feel proud when receiving clothes.   GOONJ makes sure the clothing is given to people who can use it. For example, people in areas with cooler temperatures receive warmer clothes. And people in villages that wear traditional clothing would receive traditional clothing. GOONJ also reuses clothes that people can't wear. For example, a shirt with holes can be made into a bag or used to make a blanket.   GOONJ helps organize projects that improve the community. People receive clothes in return for their community work. Gupta believes this helps the receivers build self-respect, because they have earned the clothes. It also helps the receivers to be proud of what they have done to help their community.   Since it began, GOONJ has expanded its work. GOONJ also collects more than just clothes. It collects home or school supplies. GOONJ also started a program that helps protect women's health.
Prosecutors say Gary Schultz, a former Penn State vice president who oversaw campus police, held a file that detailed alleged incidents pertinent to the investigation of former football coach Jerry Sandusky, who faces more than 50 counts involving sexual acts with 10 boys since 1994.   Schultz and Tim Curley, Penn State's former athletic director, have pleaded not guilty to charges of perjury and failing to report an alleged sexual assault of a child.   The file, which prosecutors say was initially withheld during the investigation, shows inconsistencies with what Schultz and Curley told a grand jury, according to court documents filed by prosecutors and obtained by CNN on Tuesday.   Prosecutors say e-mails from Schultz, Curley and others further contradict that testimony.   "The commonwealth is entirely justified in using those documents as evidence to support the charge of Perjury against Schultz," the court documents say.   Read the document (PDF)   Tom Farrell, Schultz's attorney, said, "To be clear, Mr. Schultz did not possess any secret files. All his files were left behind after he retired and were available to his secretaries and his successor. The only 'secret' information revealed was the privileged grand jury information inaccurately described by unidentified law enforcement sources to the media."   Curley, 57, is on leave, and Schultz, 62, retired after the allegations. Days after the grand jury presentment against Sandusky came to light, Penn State ousted President Graham Spanier and head football coach Joe Paterno amid criticism they could and should have done more.   Curley was not immediately available for comment. 
(CNN)Abror Habibov, 30, operated kiosks at malls along the East Coast. He sold kitchenware and repaired mobile phones, according to a complaint unsealed Wednesday in federal court in Brooklyn, New York.   Last fall, Habibov hired Akhror Saidakhmetov, 19, to work at kiosks in Savannah, Georgia; Philadelphia and Chesapeake, Virginia.   Abdurasul Juraboev, 24, a Uzbekistan native and legal permanent U.S. resident, worked at the Gyro King restaurant in Brooklyn. He asked his boss whether he could leave this weekend because he was traveling.   Until their arrests Wednesday in connection with an alleged failed attempt to join ISIS in Syria, Saidakhmetov and Juraboev appeared to live the mundane lives of ordinary Brooklyn immigrants.   They also appeared careless in planning their alleged plot. One man, for instance, showed up at U.S. Homeland Security offices to apply for a travel document, authorities said. They sometimes communicated online because they believed it would be harder for authorities to trace.   Juraboev allegedly discussed assassinating President Barack Obama, according to the complaint. But he told an FBI agent that he "currently does not have the means or an imminent plan to do so."   Juraboev and Saidakhmetov, authorities said, planned to embark on the journey to Turkey on Wednesday.   Read the criminal complaint against trio   One of them discussed the possibility of hijacking a commercial flight to Turkey and diverting it "to the Islamic State, so that the Islamic State would gain a plane," the complaint said. They also talked about joining the U.S. military in order to attack soldiers. 
Susie Wolff put the disappointments of Silverstone behind her on Friday with an impressive run in the first free practice session ahead of Sunday's German Grand Prix.   The Williams development driver only managed four laps during practice at the British Grand Prix a fortnight ago before engine problems curtailed her involvement.   But it was a happier story at Hockenheim as the 31-year-old Scot completed 20 laps finishing a highly respectable 15th.   Her best lap time of one minute 20.769 seconds was just 0.227 seconds behind Williams' driver Felipe Massa who finished the session in 11th place.   Things had not looked so promising for Wolff earlier in the day as she crawled round her out lap in first gear before returning to the pits.   Thankfully, it wasn't long before the mechanical problems were resolved and she was back on track -- even briefly clocking the fastest lap of the session.   Wolff has been a development driver for Williams since 2012 and is the first female driver to participate in a F1 race weekend since Italy's Giovanna Amati attempted to qualify for three races during the 1992 season.   Lewis Hamilton, speaking ahead of his recent victory at Silverstone, said Wolff's participation at two practice sessions this season was fully deserved.   "She's very, very talented," said the Mercedes driver, who raced against her in his junior career in karting and Formula Renault. "It's really cool to see her in a Formula One car.   "I didn't race against many girls. Susie was one of the very few, if not the only one, I raced against. We shared a podium together a couple of times." 
Tristan da Cunha /ˈtrɪstən də ˈkuːnjə/, colloquially Tristan, is both a remote group of volcanic islands in the south Atlantic Ocean and the main island of that group. It is the most remote inhabited archipelago in the world, lying 2,000 kilometres (1,200 mi) from the nearest inhabited land, Saint Helena, 2,400 kilometres (1,500 mi) from the nearest continental land, South Africa, and 3,360 kilometres (2,090 mi) from South America. The territory consists of the main island, also named Tristan da Cunha, which has a north–south length of 11.27 kilometres (7.00 mi) and has an area of 98 square kilometres (38 sq mi), along with the smaller, uninhabited Nightingale Islands and the wildlife reserves of Inaccessible and Gough Islands.   Tristan da Cunha is part of the British overseas territory of Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha. This includes Saint Helena and equatorial Ascension Island some 3,730 kilometres (2,318 mi) to the north of Tristan. The island has a population of 267 as of January 2016.
(CNN)A female juror in the murder trial of former New England Patriots star Aaron Hernandez was dismissed Tuesday by Bristol County Superior Court Judge Susan Garsh for talking about the case.   The juror had said it would be difficult to convict the ex-player without a murder weapon and discussed inadmissible evidence, Garsh noted.   The judge dismissed the juror after ordering the public out of the Massachusetts courtroom for a hearing that included defense lawyers, prosecutors, witnesses and the juror.   The closed-door session was "no broader than necessary to protect Hernandez's right to a fair trial," Garsh said.   After the hearing, Garsh also said there was "credible evidence" that the dismissed juror had expressed interest in being part of the Hernandez jury and had attended more Patriots games than the juror admitted on a questionnaire.   "The juror's recollection of conversations is not supported by the credible evidence," the judge said.   The juror's presence on the jury "posed a substantial risk" to the fairness of the trial, she added, and the dismissal was necessary in "the best interest of justice."   Hernandez, 25, pleaded not guilty in the 2013 killing of former semipro football player Odin Lloyd, 27, who dated the sister of Hernandez's fiancee.   Two alleged accomplices, Ernest Wallace and Carlos Ortiz, have pleaded not guilty and will be tried separately.   The trial resumed Tuesday afternoon, with Shaneah Jenkins, 23, who was dating Lloyd at the time of his death, returning to the witness stand.   Her sister, Shayanna, is Hernandez's fiancee and mother of his child. 
Peter wondered why he didn't have many friends. The reason was that he was always taking, never giving. One day Peter told Bill, "I'd like to give a party on Saturday. I'd like you to come and bring Martha, too. " "Thanks, Peter. We'd be happy to come. ""Perhaps you'd like to bring your violin. You and Martha sing well together. I'm sure everyone will want you to sing for us. "That was how Peter began to plan his party. Next he asked another friend, Betty, to bring a cake. "You make the best cake in the world, Betty, and I like to eat your cake better than have one from the bakery . "Peter invited a few other friends to come to his party. He didn't forget to ask for something from each of them. He even asked Jim Jackson and Mary Jackson to let him give the party at their house! They agreed. The party was a big success. However, as the guests were leaving, they said "Thank you! "to Bill and Martha for the music, Betty for the cake, the Jacksons for the use of the house and to others for their hard work. To Peter they just said, "Thanks for the invitation. "
Recently I fully understood that a little favor could really make a big difference. My daughter and I were, accidentally, in time to catch a falling heart just before it hit the ground.   It all started when Charlene, one of my co-volunteers at the library, asked if I could do her duty on Tuesday since her doctor appointment had been unexpectedly changed. I agreed, which meant I was home on Friday instead of volunteering as previously planned.   My daughter, Mary, managers a book store in town. Mid-morning, she called to ask me for help. Would I buy a fifty dollar gift card, birthday card, and cake for one of Mary's assistant managers, Cindy?   Mary explained she had to call Cindy in to take the place of another assistant manager who was sick, but felt terrible about it when she discovered it was Cindy's birthday. Cindy insisted that it was just fine. But that was not what Mary thought, so she gathered enough money from other employees to throw a surprise party for Cindy. Since neither Mary, nor any of the other employees, could leave to pick up the _ , they were turning to me for help. Days later, Mary told me the wonderful rest of the story, "Cindy cried and cried when we surprised her. After the party, Cindy told us that her boyfriend had chosen that morning to break up with her. To top that off, she only had 26 cents left in her bank account."   We were surprised at the series of unexpected events that took place in order to circle Cindy with love and catch her falling heart just before it hit the ground.
In economics, the Gini coefficient (sometimes expressed as a Gini ratio or a normalized Gini index) is a measure of statistical dispersion intended to represent the income or wealth distribution of a nation's residents, and is the most commonly used measure of inequality. It was developed by the Italian statistician and sociologist Corrado Gini and published in his 1912 paper "Variability and Mutability" ().   The Gini coefficient measures the inequality among values of a frequency distribution (for example, levels of income). A Gini coefficient of zero expresses perfect equality, where all values are the same (for example, where everyone has the same income). A Gini coefficient of 1 (or 100%) expresses maximal inequality among values (e.g., for a large number of people, where only one person has all the income or consumption, and all others have none, the Gini coefficient will be very nearly one). However, a value greater than one may occur if some persons represent negative contribution to the total (for example, having negative income or wealth). For larger groups, values close to or above 1 are very unlikely in practice. Given the normalization of both the cumulative population and the cumulative share of income used to calculate the Gini coefficient, the measure is not overly sensitive to the specifics of the income distribution, but rather only on how incomes vary relative to the other members of a population. The exception to this is in the redistribution of wealth resulting in a minimum income for all people. When the population is sorted, if their income distribution were to approximate a well-known function, then some representative values could be calculated.
Laos (, , , or ; , , "Lāo"), officially the Lao People's Democratic Republic (Lao: ສາທາລະນະລັດ ປະຊາທິປະໄຕ ປະຊາຊົນລາວ, "Sathalanalat Paxathipatai Paxaxon Lao") or commonly referred to its colloquial name of Muang Lao (Lao: ເມືອງລາວ, "Muang Lao"), is a landlocked country in the heart of the Indochinese peninsula of Mainland Southeast Asia, bordered by Myanmar (Burma) and China to the northwest, Vietnam to the east, Cambodia to the southwest, and Thailand to the west and southwest.   Present day Lao PDR traces its historic and cultural identity to the kingdom of Lan Xang Hom Khao (Kingdom of a Million Elephants Under the White Parasol), which existed for four centuries as one of the largest kingdoms in Southeast Asia. Due to Lan Xang's central geographical location in Southeast Asia, the kingdom was able to become a popular hub for overland trade, becoming wealthy economically as well as culturally.   After a period of internal conflict, Lan Xang broke off into three separate kingdoms — Luang Phrabang, Vientiane, and Champasak. In 1893, it became a French protectorate, with the three territories uniting to form what is now known as the country of Laos. It briefly gained freedom in 1945 after Japanese occupation, but was recolonised by France until it won autonomy in 1949. Laos became independent in 1953, with a constitutional monarchy under Sisavang Vong. Shortly after independence, a long civil war ended the monarchy, when the Communist Pathet Lao movement came to power in 1975.
New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie vetoed a bill Friday that would have banned crates that severely limit the mobility of pregnant pigs, a move that will win favor with Iowa farmers and spark more speculation about Christie's presidential aspirations but cause outrage among animal rights activists who pushed for the ban.   Critics consider the small metal crates a form of animal cruelty -- the pigs aren't able to turn around in the limited space -- but advocates say they prevent sows from accidentally lying down or stepping on piglets.   Despite its strong bipartisan support in the state legislature, the Republican governor vetoed a version of the bill in 2013. When a nearly identical version passed again in the Democratic-led legislature, Christie faced mounting pressure this fall from activists and celebrities, including Bill Maher, Danny DeVito, Martha Stewart and Edie Falco.   Jon Stewart gave the issue wider attention when he featured it in a segment on Comedy Central's "The Daily Show" this month. And Matthew Scully, a former speechwriter and adviser to President George W. Bush, wrote a lengthy essay for National Review Online, spelling out a case for banning the crates.   In a statement, Christie said the bill is a "solution in search of a problem" and a "political movement masquerading as substantive policy." Arguing that it's not a practice in New Jersey, Christie said it should be left to the state's Board of Agriculture, which currently doesn't outlaw the crates.   Read the full veto statement (PDF)   The move, announced by his office the day after Thanksgiving, places 2016 squarely in the spotlight. With more than 20 million pigs, Iowa is the nation's largest pork producer, and the state's governor, Terry Branstad, told The Associated Press that he urged Christie to veto the bill when a similar version came to the New Jersey governor's desk last year. 
The Portable Operating System Interface (POSIX) is a family of standards specified by the IEEE Computer Society for maintaining compatibility between operating systems. POSIX defines the application programming interface (API), along with command line shells and utility interfaces, for software compatibility with variants of Unix and other operating systems.   Originally, the name "POSIX" referred to IEEE Std 1003.1-1988, released in 1988. The family of POSIX standards is formally designated as IEEE 1003 and the international standard name is ISO/IEC 9945.   The standards emerged from a project that began circa 1985. Richard Stallman suggested the name "POSIX" to the IEEE instead of former "IEEE-IX". The committee found it more easily pronounceable and memorable, and thus adopted it.   Unix was selected as the basis for a standard system interface partly because it was "manufacturer-neutral." However, several major versions of Unix existed—so there was a need to develop a common denominator system. The POSIX specifications for Unix-like operating systems originally consisted of a single document for the core programming interface, but eventually grew to 19 separate documents (POSIX.1, POSIX.2, etc.). The standardized user command line and scripting interface were based on the UNIX System V shell. Many user-level programs, services, and utilities (including awk, echo, ed) were also standardized, along with required program-level services (including basic I/O: file, terminal, and network). POSIX also defines a standard threading library API which is supported by most modern operating systems. In 2008, most parts of POSIX were combined into a single standard "(IEEE Std 1003.1-2008", also known as "POSIX.1-2008)."
Lublin is the ninth largest city in Poland and the second largest city of Lesser Poland. It is the capital and the center of Lublin Voivodeship ("province") with a population of 349,103 (March 2011). Lublin is the largest Polish city east of the Vistula River, and is located approximately to the southeast of Warsaw by road.   One of the events that greatly contributed to the city's development was the Polish-Lithuanian Union of Krewo in 1385. Lublin thrived as a centre of trade and commerce due to its strategic location on the route between Vilnius and Kraków; the inhabitants also had the privilege of free trade in the Grand Duchy of Lithuania. The Lublin Parliament session of 1569 led to the creation of a real union between the Crown of the Kingdom of Poland and the Grand Duchy of Lithuania, thus creating the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth. Lublin also witnessed the early stages of Reformation in the 16th century. A Calvinist congregation was founded and certain groups of radical Arians also appeared in the city, making it an important global centre of Arianism. At the turn of the centuries, Lublin was also recognized for hosting a number of outstanding poets, writers and historians of the epoch.
Malaysia's opposition leader has urged his supporters to wear black at a rally to be held in the capital Kuala Lumpur on Wednesday to protest Sunday's vote, which he claims "was marred with unprecedented election fraud."   "Our conscience cannot allow us to accept election results conjured through frauds and cheating. A fight for clean and fair election remains the single most important fight that any Malaysian should relate to," Anwar Ibrahim said in a statement released Monday.   Prime Minister Najib Razak, the leader of the Barisan Nasional coalition that has ruled for 56 years, took his oath of office on Monday after winning 133 out of 222 parliamentary seats, Malaysia's national news agency Bernama reported.   Anwar's Pakatan Rakyat coalition won 89 seats, handing Barisan Nasional its worst ever electoral showing.   A government spokesperson said on Tuesday that allegations of fraud in the election process were "unsubstantiated" and the government's victory was in line with independent polling.   "Anwar claimed the only way he could possibly lose was if there was 'massive fraud'," the spokesperson said in a statement.   "This is entirely contrary to pre-election opinion polls, including those by Pew Research and the Merdeka Center, which showed significant support for both the Prime Minister and his ruling party and suggested they were on track for a victory."   The weeks leading up to Sunday's election saw reports of firebombs, texted death threats and beatings and there were widespread reports that indelible ink used to mark the fingers of advance voters was washing off. 
The story of Juno and Lucas is one of the most touching stories about the amazing relationship between humans and their companion animals.   Juno is a Belgian Malinois . The dog was beautiful but was given up by its owners, as they did not want to take on the responsibility.   Lucas, a little boy, had a strange illness, a condition that stops the body's ability to process enzymes .As his life continues, he will lose the ability to speak and his physical and mental abilities will degrade till he is left in a vegetative state. The average life expectancy for the patients is 15 years.   Chester, the boy's father, wanted his child to enjoy his life on earth as much as possible and looked into getting a service dog for the child. However, Lucas wasn't a good candidate due to his deteriorating abilities, not to mention the $15,000 cost of the animal.   Not terrified by all of this, Chester looked into adopting a dog for his son. He found Juno on a website and drove two hours to meet her. Chester had worked with the breed in the police force and was familiar with how to train them. He put in patience and hard work, and trained Juno while allowing her to become accustomed to Lucas. Now, not only will Juno not leave Lucas' side, she is also helping with his illness. Chester said, "She has the ability to notice his neurological changes. Now she reminds us when Lucas is about to have a seizure or if his oxygen levels drop really low. She has saved him several times."   Companion animals are beautiful things and they establish a bond that can't be described without experiences. I know that I held my adopted dog a little closer after hearing this story. There are a lot of dogs out there that need good homes and that won't be as lucky as Juno. So, if you think you're prepared, you should consider giving one a nice home.
World-record signing Cristiano Ronaldo scored on his debut as Real Madrid kicked off the Spanish football season with a shaky 3-2 victory at home to Deportivo La Coruna on Saturday night.   Cristiano Ronaldo celebrates after paying off a small chunk of his record transfer fee with a goal on his Real debut.   Real's new generation of "Galacticos" were preceded onto the pitch by the world's fastest man Usain Bolt, with the Jamaican sprint star dribbling a ball to the delight of a packed Bernabeu crowd.   Coach Manuel Pellegrini fielded seven new signings against a team who stunned Real 2-1 on the opening day last season to foreshadow a season of massive upheaval for the underachieving capital club.   The first goal took just 26 minutes in coming as $92 million signing Kaka fed the ball to $50 million capture Karim Benzema, whose shot rebounded off the post and fell welcomingly to Real captain Raul to score.   Ronaldo, who cost $130 million when he left Manchester United, then rose highest to meet a free-kick from $50 million midfielder Xavi Alonso but headed over the bar.   Deportivo stunned the home crowd in the 30th minute when former Real striker Riki was allowed a free header to equalize in the type of defensive lapse that typified Madrid's performances last season.   But while Pellegrini has obvious problems to sort out at the back, where he fielded debutants Ezequiel Garay and Raul Albiol in the absence of the suspended Pepe, he has volumes of attacking resources at the other end of the pitch. 
Fanny the fly was hungry. She went to the store. She saw her friend Colin the cat at the store. Colin waved to Fanny. Fanny waved back. At the store, Fanny bought ice cream, fruit, and pasta. Then she went home. She looked in her fridge. In her fridge she saw meatballs, rice, tomato sauce, and garlic. She chose to make a pasta dinner and invite all of her friends over. She invited Colin the cat and Danny the dog. She also invited Freddy the frog and Allen the alligator. Everyone arrived to a beautiful meal made by Fanny. They all ate happily. After dinner, Fanny brought out dessert. She brought out pie, fruit, cupcakes, and ice cream. Everybody ate a cupcake. Danny ate ice cream too. Allen had some pie and fruit as well as the cupcake. Colin had some pie too. Fanny told everyone to come back for dinner again. They all said goodbye and left. Fanny was happy and full. She went to bed smiling to herself.
Former English Premier League referees have jumped to the defense of Howard Webb after criticism of his performance in Sunday's World Cup final.   Webb, the first referee to officiate the European Champions League final and World Cup final in the same season, dished out 13 yellow cards and one red as Spain defeated the Netherlands 1-0 in a tempestuous clash at Soccer City, Johannesburg.   Dutch coach Bert Van Marwijk and several of his players suggested the English official favored the Spanish, and Netherlands fans booed Webb and his assistants when they collected their medals after the game.   But ex-referee Jeff Winter, who took charge of several fiery encounters between English giants like Manchester United, Arsenal and Liverpool, was full of praise for Webb's performance in extremely testing circumstances.   "I thought he had a superb game," Winter told CNN. "I find it very difficult to remember a more testing game than that at any level. I thought the players' behavior and discipline were abysmal.   "It was as if the Dutch had decided the only way they were going to stop Spain was by kicking them, harassing the referee and being obnoxious throughout.   "From a referee's point of view, if the players don't want to be controlled it's virtually impossible to control them. Had it had been a referee without his experience of the European game, they might have lost control within the first 30 minutes."   Webb's tally of 14 yellow cards -- including the red shown to Netherlands defender Johnny Heitinga in extra-time - was a record for the World Cup final. 
Deciding which English-speaking country to study in wasn't difficult for Ann; She had always wanted to visit America. "I wanted to study in an English-language country and I always wanted to visit America because it always seemed to me a very beautiful and friendly country." Ann is more than happy with the quality of the education she is receiving in America, particularly with the subjects and strong academic support." I am very happy with the quality of education I am receiving. All my subjects are useful and connected. I am happy with help I receive from the lecturers and tutors."   Also of particular satisfaction for Ann is the practical element of her American course. "I find it very important and useful. The theory is a good thing to know but nothing gives you more skills and knowledge than practical work."   Where her future employment is concerned, Ann is very confident her American qualification will be of great help. " _ "   Ann is also really enjoying life in America; She is making friends and taking time out to enjoy herself. "People are very friendly and helpful. University is a good place to find new friends from America and from overseas. It is a friendly environment with lots of things to do, not only studying. And of course there are the beaches, not to mention the beautiful weather."
Criminal Law is the body of law that relates to crime. It proscribes conduct perceived as threatening, harmful, or otherwise endangering to the property, health, safety, and moral welfare of people. Most criminal law is established by statute, which is to say that the laws are enacted by a legislature. It includes the punishment of people who violate these laws. Criminal law varies according to jurisdiction, and differs from civil law, where emphasis is more on dispute resolution and victim compensation than on punishment.   The first civilizations generally did not distinguish between civil law and criminal law. The first written codes of law were designed by the Sumerians. Around 2100–2050 BC Ur-Nammu, the Neo-Sumerian king of Ur, enacted the oldest written legal code whose text has been discovered: the "Code of Ur-Nammu" although an earlier code of Urukagina of Lagash ( 2380–2360 BC ) is also known to have existed. Another important early code was the Code Hammurabi, which formed the core of Babylonian law. Only fragments of the early criminal laws of Ancient Greece have survived, e.g. those of Solon and Draco.   In Roman law, Gaius's "Commentaries on the Twelve Tables" also conflated the civil and criminal aspects, treating theft ("furtum") as a tort. Assault and violent robbery were analogized to trespass as to property. Breach of such laws created an obligation of law or "vinculum juris" discharged by payment of monetary compensation or damages. The criminal law of imperial Rome is collected in Books 47–48 of the Digest. After the revival of Roman law in the 12th century, sixth-century Roman classifications and jurisprudence provided the foundations of the distinction between criminal and civil law in European law from then until the present time.
The BPI (British Recorded Music Industry) Limited, commonly known as the British Phonographic Industry or BPI, is the British recorded music industry's trade association.   Its membership comprises hundreds of music companies including all three "major" record companies in the UK (Warner Music UK, Sony Music Entertainment, and Universal Music Group), and hundreds of independent music labels and small to medium-sized music businesses.   It has represented the interests of British record companies since being formally incorporated in 1973 when the principal aim was to promote British music and fight copyright infringement.   In 2007, the association's legal name was changed from British Phonographic Industry Limited (The).   It founded the annual BRIT Awards for the British music industry in 1977, and, later, The Classic BRIT Awards. The organizing company, BRIT Awards Limited, is a fully owned subsidiary of the BPI. Proceeds from both shows go to the BRIT Trust, the charitable arm of the BPI that has donated almost £15m to charitable causes nationwide since its foundation in 1989. In September 2013, the BPI presented the first ever BRITs Icon Award to Sir Elton John. The BPI also endorsed the launch of the Mercury Prize for the Album of the Year in 1992.   The recorded music industry's Certified Awards program, which attributes Platinum, Gold and Silver status to singles, albums and music videos (Platinum and Gold only) based on their sales performance (see BPI Certified Awards program), has been administered by the BPI since its inception in 1973. In September 2008, the BPI became one of the founding members of UK Music, an umbrella organisation representing the interests of all parts of the industry.
Wayne Rooney scored his first goal in open play since March last year to help Manchester United to a 2-1 victory over West Bromwich Albion at the Hawthorns on Saturday.   The striker scored after just three minutes heading home from a Patrice Evra cross to end his marathon goal drought.   Football's heroes and villains of 2010   But United's lead didn't last long as James Morrison fired a spectacular 25-yard equalizer, volleying past Tomasz Kuszczak into the top left corner after 14 minutes.   And West Brom should have gone ahead in the 62nd minute when referee Chris Foy awarded them a penalty when Rio Ferdinand brought down Jerome Thomas.   But Peter Odemwingie could only drag his spot kick wide of the Kuszczak's right post.   It was a miss that the Baggies were quickly made to pay for as Javier Hernandez (who came on for Dimitar Berbatov after 60 minutes) headed home unopposed from a Wayne Rooney corner with quarter of an hour remaining.   Manchester City kept up the pressure on United with a 1-0 win over Blackpool at Eastlands.   Adam Johnson's deflected shot found the net after 34 minutes.   City were the dominant side throughout but Carlos Tevez squandered a series of chances to put the game to bed, including a missed penalty in the first half.   The win puts City level on points with United on 41 points, but United have two games in hand over Roberto Mancini's men.   Arsenal enjoyed a comfortable 3-0 win over Birmingham at St Andrews to maintain their title challenge. 
Phone Soap: Charge and Clean Your Phone   You may charge your phone every day, but do you clean your phone as much? Whatever your hands touch, your phones touch. It has been discovered that some phones have 18 times more bacteria and viruses than any surface in a public restroom. So it probably won't surprise you that a 2011 University of London study found that one in six of our phones have bacteria and viruses on them--specifically, the bacteria called E. coli.   The research on bacteria and viruses led to the invention of Phone Soap. It is not actually liquid like dishwasher soap. It is a phone charger that uses the electromagnetic radiation used in hospitals to kill 99.9 percent of bacteria and viruses, cleaning your phone while it charges.   "There are really certain types of bacteria and viruses that we should not be in touch with, and they are really on our phones," says Wes Barnes, the Phone Soap co-founder. It all started while his cousin and co-founder, Dan LaPorte, was in his cancer research lab at college. "He realized he got the idea of getting rid of bacteria and viruses on the phones," said Barnes. "In the lab they used UV-C light for destroying them. He realized this would be the fastest, most powerful way to kill any bacteria and viruses living on electronic machines."   Phone Soap looks like a little metal suitcase. Your phone rests in to charge and get cleaned at the same time. Instead of plugging your phone into the wall, you'd plug it into the Phone Soap charger box. The process only takes a few minutes but, Barnes says, "The idea is that you can leave it in there overnight if you want to keep charging. Reflective paint keeps the light completely around the phone so it cleans the phone fully."   The co-founders spent 2013 finding the right companies and they started shipping the product in late November. By last week's International Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas, Phone Soap was all grown-up. Both co-founders have left their previous jobs and are selling Phone Soap nonstop. "We're shipping almost more than we can handle each day," Barnes says. "It's been a great adventure."
Canada is famous for its winter lifestyle, for the season lasts half the year there. A great example of this is the Quebec Winter Carnival . Quebec is an old city with beautiful historic building, and many agree that winter is the best time to visit. The city comes alive in the snow, especially during the winter festival. People who visit the cold city can find tons of things to do that will make winter seem perfect. The Carnival has a magical ice palace made with 9,000 tons of snow, a boat race on the St. Lawrence River, and two night parades with funny people and colorful cars. Other interesting things include a 122-meter ice slide, and a large football game. There is also an exciting dogsled race that runs through six kilometers of the city's streets. With more than 20 teams in the game, the dogsled race is noisy, fun and full of great cheer. Even better, artists from around the world come to enter the snow sculpture competition. It is amazing how these artists can bring snow to life. The Quebec Winter Carnival has everything for the whole family and more. It is surely a great way to experience winter at its fullest. Another famous winter festival is on the other side of the world in China. Known as the City of Ice, Harbin is the capital city of Heilongjiang Province, which is next to Siberia. In the winter, it is very cold, and temperatures there can drop to 30degC below zero. Even so, the cold weather makes the city the right place for the Harbin International Ice and Snow Festival. The festival is held every year.
The Han dynasty (Chinese: 漢朝; pinyin: Hàn cháo) was the second imperial dynasty of China, preceded by the Qin dynasty (221–207 BC) and succeeded by the Three Kingdoms period (220–280 AD). Spanning over four centuries, the Han period is considered a golden age in Chinese history. To this day, China's majority ethnic group refers to itself as the "Han people" and the Chinese script is referred to as "Han characters". It was founded by the rebel leader Liu Bang, known posthumously as Emperor Gaozu of Han, and briefly interrupted by the Xin dynasty (9–23 AD) of the former regent Wang Mang. This interregnum separates the Han dynasty into two periods: the Western Han or Former Han (206 BC – 9 AD) and the Eastern Han or Later Han (25–220 AD).   The emperor was at the pinnacle of Han society. He presided over the Han government but shared power with both the nobility and appointed ministers who came largely from the scholarly gentry class. The Han Empire was divided into areas directly controlled by the central government using an innovation inherited from the Qin known as commanderies, and a number of semi-autonomous kingdoms. These kingdoms gradually lost all vestiges of their independence, particularly following the Rebellion of the Seven States. From the reign of Emperor Wu onward, the Chinese court officially sponsored Confucianism in education and court politics, synthesized with the cosmology of later scholars such as Dong Zhongshu. This policy endured until the fall of the Qing dynasty in AD 1911.
Peggy Hilt wanted to be a good mother. But day after day, she got out of bed feeling like a failure. No matter what she tried, she couldn't connect with Nina, the 2-year -old girl she'd adopted from Russia as an infant . The preschooler pulled away whenever Hilt tried to hug or kiss her. Nina was physically aggressive with her 4-year-old sister, who had been adopted from Ukraine, and had violent tantrums . Whenever Hilt wasn't watching, she destroyed the family's furniture and possessions. "Every day with Nina had become a struggle," she recalls now.   As the girl grew older, things got worse. Hilt fell into a deep depression. She started drinking heavily, something she'd never done before. Ashamed, she hid her problem from everyone, including her husband.   On the morning of July 1, 2005, Hilt was packing for a family vocation, all the while swallowing one beer after another and growing increasingly angry and impatient with Nina's deeds. "Everything she did just got to me," Hilt said. When Hilt caught her reaching into her diaper and smearing feces on the walls and furniture, "a year and a half of frustration came to a head," Hilt says. "I snapped . I felt this uncontrollable rage."   Then Hilt did something unthinkable. She grabbed Nina around the neck, shook her and then dropped her to the floor, where she kicked her repeatedly before dragging her up to her room, punching her as they went. "I had never hit a child before," she says. "I felt horrible and promised myself that this would never happen again." But _ . Nina woke up with a fever, and then started throwing up. The next day she stopped breathing. By the time the ambulance got the child to the hospital, she was dead.   Hilt is now serving a 19-year sentence for second-degree murder in a Virginia prison. She and her husband divorced, and he is raising their other daughter. She realizes the horror of her crime and says she isn't looking for sympathy. "There is no punishment severe enough for what I did," she told NEWSWEEK in an interview at the prison.
My heart went out to Barb Dunn the moment her 16-year-old son, Daniel, answered my question.   Once he gets his license in June, would he text and drive? That's what I asked during a kitchen table conversation in their Roxbury, New Jersey, home.   As you can see in the video above, his answer was not the one his mom expected.   "I'm taking a deep breath," said Dunn, who recently purchased visor clips for Daniel's friends who have already gotten their licenses that say "Stay alive. Don't text and drive."   "I wouldn't even mind if he said, 'I'm at a red light and I picked up the phone for a minute to read something and put it back down,' but that moving and texting freaks me out. It's not acceptable."   Daniel's mom might have wanted to slam her head against the counter but still she told me she appreciated her son's candor and realized in that moment how difficult it is to persuade teens, who text nearly all day long, not to do it while behind the wheel.   "Even a well-meaning teen is going to have trouble saying no when they get that buzz" from an incoming text or status update, said David Teater, senior director for the National Safety Council. "It's almost a Pavlovian response."   Teater sadly knows all too well what can go wrong with distracted driving. Ten years ago, a 20-year-old woman who had been talking on a cell phone ran a red light and killed his then 12-year-old son, Joe. Since then, he's dedicated his life to raising awareness about the dangers of talking on a cell phone while behind the wheel. A newer concern: how to eliminate driving while texting. 
The Most Distinguished Order of Saint Michael and Saint George is a British order of chivalry founded on 28 April 1818 by George, Prince Regent, later King George IV, while he was acting as regent for his father, King George III.   It is named in honour of two military saints, St Michael and St George.   The Order of St Michael and St George was originally awarded to those holding commands or high position in the Mediterranean territories acquired in the Napoleonic Wars, and was subsequently extended to holders of similar office or position in other territories of the British Empire. It is at present awarded to men and women who hold high office or who render extraordinary or important non-military service in a foreign country, and can also be conferred for important or loyal service in relation to foreign and Commonwealth affairs.   The Order includes three classes, in descending order of seniority and rank:   It is used to honour individuals who have rendered important services in relation to Commonwealth or foreign nations. People are appointed to the Order rather than awarded it. British Ambassadors to foreign nations are regularly appointed as KCMGs or CMGs. For example, the former British Ambassador to the United States, Sir David Manning, was appointed a CMG when he worked for the British Foreign and Commonwealth Office (FCO), and then after his appointment as British Ambassador to the US, he was promoted to a Knight Commander (KCMG). It is the traditional award for members of the FCO.
Joe was an old man. The 75-year-old lived very happily in a village and had a beautiful family. Joe had four grandchildren, and they visited him during their holidays. During one vacation, Joe was preparing his home for the kids: cleaning and buying their favorite foods. After he finished working, he realized he lost his favorite watch. The watch was a gift from his wife when their first child was born. Joe loved the watch very much, especially after his wife's death. He was very upset about losing it. Once his grandchildren came, they promised him they would find the watch. One granddaughter asked: "Grandpa, do you remember when you saw the watch last before it went missing?" "I guess when I was cleaning the barn !" Joe replied. The children looked for more than two hours with Joe, but they could not find it. The kids were now also sad, but they tried to comfort their grandfather. One grandson went back to the barn to search again. Joe asked why he was going there a second time. But the little boy just asked the others not to follow him and to remain silent. He was there for about fifteen minutes and then rushed to his grandfather. He found the watch and happily gave it to Joe. Joe was surprised and asked how he was able to find it. The little boy replied: "I sat there without making a noise, and the barn was so silent. After a few minutes, I heard the 'tick, tick' sound and found the watch." Joe hugged and thanked the little boy.
Connecting with Patients   Dr. Paris often treats several generations of a family over many years. "He's seen us through two births, one operation, multiple earaches, a broken wrist and a recovery from a serious traffic crash," says Jill Farrow, a 43-year-old lawyer whose first visit to Dr. Paris was as a teenager. During the birth of her younger son, Farrow began bleeding badly. Dr. Paris managed to solve the problem in a delicate procedure. "Twenty years ago, she probably would have died," he says. Today, when he performs school sports physical examinations for the Farrow boys, 10 and 11, he is always reminded that lives are changed forever by doctors just doing their jobs.   To be a mix of country doc and somewhat adventurer, the 55-year-old family physician moved to Hailey after completing his residency . He hoped to practice medicine there and ski at nearby Sun Valley. Unfortunately, the only job opening was for an emergency-room doctor in Missoula, Montana, 300 miles away. Dr. Paris took it. "I'd ski all day and then drive all night to be in Missoula for a 48-hour shift," he recalls. "I'm lucky to be alive." Knowing he couldn't keep up with his eight-hour commute , he began taking flying lessons.   In 1981, Dr. Paris joined a small medical practice in Hailey, a former mining town with a population at the time of 2,109. As Hailey grew in the shadow of Sun Valley's booming popularity, Dr. Paris's own practice expanded to seven physicians, including his wife, Kathryn Woods, who is also a family doctor. They met in 1986 at a certification exam in Denver when, in a room full of men in stodgy suits, Woods arrived wearing a Lycra biking outfit and carrying the front wheel of her bicycle (which she couldn't lock up outside). Dr. Paris asked her out on the spot. In 1989, they married.
The Napoleonic Wars (1803–1815), were a series of major conflicts pitting the French Empire and its allies, led by Napoleon I, against a fluctuating array of European powers formed into various coalitions, financed and usually led by Great Britain. The wars stemmed from the unresolved disputes associated with the French Revolution and its resultant conflict. The wars are often categorised into five conflicts, each termed after the coalition that fought Napoleon; the Third Coalition (1805), the Fourth (1806–7), Fifth (1809), Sixth (1813), and the Seventh and final (1815).   Napoleon, upon ascending to First Consul of France in 1799, had inherited a chaotic republic; he subsequently created a state with stable finances, a strong bureaucracy, and a well-trained army. In 1805, Austria and Russia waged war against France. In response, Napoleon defeated the allied Russo-Austrian army at Austerlitz in December 1805, which is considered his greatest victory. At sea, the British inflicted a severe defeat in October 1805 upon the joint Franco-Spanish navy, securing British control of the seas and preventing the invasion of Britain itself. Prussian concerns about increasing French power led to a resumption of war in October 1806. Napoleon quickly defeated the Prussians, and defeated Russia in June 1807, bringing an uneasy peace to the continent. The peace failed; war broke out two years later in 1809, and this coalition was soon defeated.
Canberra ( or ) is the capital city of Australia. With a population of 403,468, it is Australia's largest inland city and the eighth-largest city overall. The city is located at the northern end of the Australian Capital Territory (ACT), south-west of Sydney, and north-east of Melbourne. A resident of Canberra is known as a "Canberran". Although Canberra is the capital and seat of government, many federal government ministries have secondary seats in state capital cities, as do the Governor-General and the Prime Minister.   The site of Canberra was selected for the location of the nation's capital in 1908 as a compromise between rivals Sydney and Melbourne, Australia's two largest cities. It is unusual among Australian cities, being an entirely planned city outside of any state, similar to Washington, D.C. in the United States, or Brasília in Brazil. Following an international contest for the city's design, a blueprint by American architects Walter Burley Griffin and Marion Mahony Griffin was selected and construction commenced in 1913. The Griffins' plan featured geometric motifs such as circles, hexagons and triangles, and was centred on axes aligned with significant topographical landmarks in the Australian Capital Territory.   The city's design was influenced by the garden city movement and incorporates significant areas of natural vegetation. The growth and development of Canberra were hindered by the World Wars and the Great Depression, which exacerbated a series of planning disputes and the ineffectiveness of a procession of bodies that were created in turn to oversee the development of the city. The national capital emerged as a thriving city after World War II, as Prime Minister Sir Robert Menzies championed its development and the National Capital Development Commission was formed with executive powers. Although the Australian Capital Territory is now self-governing, the Commonwealth Government retains some influence through the National Capital Authority.
In mathematics, a group is an algebraic structure consisting of a set of elements equipped with an operation that combines any two elements to form a third element. The operation satisfies four conditions called the group axioms, namely closure, associativity, identity and invertibility. One of the most familiar examples of a group is the set of integers together with the addition operation, but the abstract formalization of the group axioms, detached as it is from the concrete nature of any particular group and its operation, applies much more widely. It allows entities with highly diverse mathematical origins in abstract algebra and beyond to be handled in a flexible way while retaining their essential structural aspects. The ubiquity of groups in numerous areas within and outside mathematics makes them a central organizing principle of contemporary mathematics.   Groups share a fundamental kinship with the notion of symmetry. For example, a symmetry group encodes symmetry features of a geometrical object: the group consists of the set of transformations that leave the object unchanged and the operation of combining two such transformations by performing one after the other. Lie groups are the symmetry groups used in the Standard Model of particle physics; Point groups are used to help understand symmetry phenomena in molecular chemistry; and Poincaré groups can express the physical symmetry underlying special relativity.
Sherry went out her back door and put on her sunglasses, large hat and heavy cloth work gloves. She knelt in front of her small garden and started to pull weeds, throwing each in a small trashcan nearby. As she worked she listened to the sounds of her neighbor's boys, Sam and Carl, playing. Sometimes she stopped long enough to sip from her bottle of water.   Her work and the heat of the day tired her out quickly, so she put her gardening tools away, dumped the weeds into the larger bin, and went back into her house to cool down and do some of the other items on her to-do list. She chose to do laundry so she could sit and read as the washer and dryer ran. Eventually the laundry was finished washing and drying, so she folded the laundry and put it away.   She marked the chores she had completed her to-do list, then it was time for dinner. First she filled the food bowl of her pet cat, Zoey, then she heated up some leftover lemon-garlic chicken saved from earlier in the week.   After dinner she made her bed with fresh sheets from the laundry she did earlier, finished reading her book, put on her pajamas, brushed her teeth, and went to sleep.   Overall, it had been a quiet but good day for Sherry, and she fell asleep feeling happy.
The girl was scared. She had been lost in the woods for over an hour. Then she heard something howling in the distance. Finally, it was getting dark. It all made her more scared than she had ever been. The howling grew louder. Then the girl came into a small opening in the woods. And she saw the wolf! She was so scared she cried out, "Please don't eat me Mr. Wolf!" A grey wolf, with grey fur, black eyes, and white teeth looked at her. Then he let out a big, wolf laugh. "Haha, I am not going to eat you! I don't like to eat humans! They taste bad. Plus, I am full! Do you want some spaghetti? It's been cooking for days! I was going to make some salad but I am out. I'll go to the grocery store tomorrow, I haven't been there in months!" The girl was confused. A wolf who ate salad? But she was hungry. So she sat down and ate with the wolf. He was so pleased she ate with him he gave her a map. Then he showed her how to get out of the woods. Her mother would never believe her.
This listing of flight altitude records are the records set for the highest aeronautical flights conducted in the atmosphere, set since the age of ballooning.   Some, but not all of the records were certified by the non-profit international aviation organization, the Fédération Aéronautique Internationale (FAI). One reason for a lack of 'official' certification was that the flight occurred prior to the creation of the FAI.   For clarity, the "Fixed-wing aircraft" table is sorted by FAI-designated categories as determined by whether the record-creating aircraft left the ground by its own power (category "Altitude"), or whether it was first carried aloft by a carrier-aircraft prior to its record setting event (category "Altitude gain", or formally "Altitude Gain, Aeroplane Launched from a Carrier Aircraft"). Other sub-categories describe the airframe, and more importantly, the powerplant type (since rocket-powered aircraft can have greater altitude abilities than those with air-breathing engines).   An essential requirement for the creation of an "official" altitude record is the employment of FAI-certified observers present during the record-setting flight. Thus several records noted are unofficial due to the lack of such observers.   On November 26, 2005, Vijaypat Singhania set the world altitude record for highest hot-air-balloon flight, reaching . He launched from downtown Bombay, India, and landed south in Panchale. The previous record of had been set by Per Lindstrand on June 6, 1988 in Plano, Texas.
John and Booby joined a wholesale company together just after graduation from college the same year. Both worked very hard. After several years, however, the boss promoted Bobby to the position of manager but John remained an ordinary employee . John could not take it any more, so he sent his resignation and complained that the boss did not value hard working workers but only promoted those who said good words of him.   The boss knew that John worked very hard for the years. He thought for a moment and said, "Thank you for telling me, but I have a request. I hope you will do one more thing for our company before you leave. Perhaps you will change your mind and take back your resignation."   John agreed. The boss asked him to go and find out anyone selling watermelons in the market. John went and returned soon. He said he had found out a man selling watermelons. The boss asked how much per kg, John shook his head and went back to the market to ask and returned to tell the boss $1.2 per kg.   The boss told John to wait a second, and he called Bobby to go and find anyone selling watermelons in the market. Bobby went, returned and said only one person sold watermelons. $1.2 for a kg, $10 for 10kg and his watermelons added up to 340. On the table 58 melons, every melon weighs about 2 kg, bought from the south two days ago and they were fresh, red and good quality.   John was surprised and realized the difference between himself and Bobby. He decided not to go away but to learn from Bobby.   The story tells us that a more successful person is more concerned and thinks more. Chances are there in the daily details. For the same thing, a person sees one year ahead, while another sees only tomorrow. The difference between a year and a day is 365 times, how could you win?
Where Are They Now: Life after Olympic Gold   These celebrated Olympic champions from decades past wrote sports history, but what are they up to now? Here's the latest on some of the greatest.   Edwin Moses   _ : Gold Medals in 400 Meters Hurdles (1976 Montreal Games, 1984 Los Angeles Games)   _ : Moses earned a degree in physics and later held a full-time job as an engineer.After retirement, he earned his master's degree in business.In 2000, Moses took on the role of executive chairman of Laureus.   Kerri Strug   _ : Gold Medal in Gymnastics (1996 Atlanta), when she competed through the pain of the ankle damage to land the gold-winning vault.   _ : Strug lives in Tucson, Arizona.She does public relations for USA Gymnastics, speaking regularly at events and attending the Games on behalf of sponsors.   Dick Fosbury   _ : Gold Medal in High Jump (1968 Mexico City Games)   _ : Fosbury is an executive committee member of the World Olympians Association.But he hasn't left the tracks just yet - he coaches teenager athletes at Dick Fosbury Track Camps.   Greg Louganis   _ : Gold Medals in Diving (1984 Los Angeles Games, 1988 Seoul Games)   _ : Louganis developed AIDS and retired in 1989.It wasn't until the mid-90s that he announced he was HTV-positive.Since then, Louganis has been an outspoken advocate for HTV awareness.   Dominique Dawes   _ : Gold Medal in Gymnastics (1996 Atlanta Games)   _ : President Barack Obama appointed her and New Orleans Saints quarterback Drew Brees as co-chairs of the President's Council on Fitness, Sports and Nutrition.   Dawes is also the co-host for Yahoo! News Weekend Edition.
(CNN)A Michigan man is accused of threatening to behead the police officer who put Eric Garner in a chokehold.   Alvaro Eduardo Guzman-Telles, 29, said in a Facebook post in December he was "going to personally kill and behead Daniel Pantaleo" and that "this is a written threat and has to be taken extremely seriously," the FBI alleges in a federal indictment.   He was arrested last month and faces a charge of interstate transmission of threatening communications, according to the indictment.   Pantaleo, a New York City police officer, put Garner in a chokehold while trying to arrest him last July on suspicion of illegally selling cigarettes. Garner died after the encounter, but a grand jury declined in December to indict Pantaleo, sparking large demonstrations across the nation.   Guzman-Telles also allegedly said on Facebook to "kill all cops on sight. No matter the circumstances."   The New York office of the FBI tracked the social media posts back to an address in Sterling Heights, Michigan, where Guzman-Telles' mother was questioned. She said she was aware of the postings and told her son to delete them for she feared the posts would get him in trouble, the FBI said.   
In mathematics, a function is a relation between a set of inputs and a set of permissible outputs with the property that each input is related to exactly one output. An example is the function that relates each real number "x" to its square "x". The output of a function "f" corresponding to an input "x" is denoted by "f"("x") (read ""f" of "x""). In this example, if the input is −3, then the output is 9, and we may write . Likewise, if the input is 3, then the output is also 9, and we may write . (The same output may be produced by more than one input, but each input gives only one output.) The input variable(s) are sometimes referred to as the argument(s) of the function.   Functions of various kinds are "the central objects of investigation" in most fields of modern mathematics. There are many ways to describe or represent a function. Some functions may be defined by a formula or algorithm that tells how to compute the output for a given input. Others are given by a picture, called the graph of the function. In science, functions are sometimes defined by a table that gives the outputs for selected inputs. A function could be described implicitly, for example as the inverse to another function or as a solution of a differential equation.
The United States Air Force (USAF) is the aerial warfare service branch of the United States Armed Forces and one of the seven American uniformed services. Initially part of the United States Army, the USAF was formed as a separate branch of the military on 18 September 1947 under the National Security Act of 1947. It is the most recent branch of the U.S. military to be formed, and is the largest and one of the world's most technologically advanced air forces. The USAF articulates its core functions as Nuclear Deterrence Operations, Special Operations, Air Superiority, Global Integrated ISR, Space Superiority, Command and Control, Cyberspace Superiority, Personnel Recovery, Global Precision Attack, Building Partnerships, Rapid Global Mobility and Agile Combat Support.   The U.S. Air Force is a military service organized within the Department of the Air Force, one of the three military departments of the Department of Defense. The Air Force is headed by the civilian Secretary of the Air Force, who reports to the Secretary of Defense, and is appointed by the President with Senate confirmation. The highest-ranking military officer in the Department of the Air Force is the Chief of Staff of the Air Force, who exercises supervision over Air Force units, and serves as a member of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. Air Force combat and mobility forces are assigned, as directed by the Secretary of Defense, to the Combatant Commanders, and neither the Secretary of the Air Force nor the Chief of Staff have operational command authority over them.
Geophysics is a subject of natural science concerned with the physical processes and physical properties of the Earth and its surrounding space environment, and the use of quantitative methods for their analysis. The term "geophysics" sometimes refers only to the geological applications: Earth's shape; its gravitational and magnetic fields; its internal structure and composition; its dynamics and their surface expression in plate tectonics, the generation of magmas, volcanism and rock formation. However, modern geophysics organizations use a broader definition that includes the water cycle including snow and ice; fluid dynamics of the oceans and the atmosphere; electricity and magnetism in the ionosphere and magnetosphere and solar-terrestrial relations; and analogous problems associated with the Moon and other planets.   Although geophysics was only recognized as a separate discipline in the 19th century, its origins date back to ancient times. The first magnetic compasses were made from lodestones, while more modern magnetic compasses played an important role in the history of navigation. The first seismic instrument was built in 132 AD. Isaac Newton applied his theory of mechanics to the tides and the precession of the equinox; and instruments were developed to measure the Earth's shape, density and gravity field, as well as the components of the water cycle. In the 20th century, geophysical methods were developed for remote exploration of the solid Earth and the ocean, and geophysics played an essential role in the development of the theory of plate tectonics.
Originally based on the English alphabet, ASCII encodes 128 specified characters into seven-bit integers as shown by the ASCII chart on the right. The characters encoded are numbers 0 to 9, lowercase letters a to z, uppercase letters A to Z, basic punctuation symbols, control codes that originated with Teletype machines, and a space. For example, lowercase j would become binary 1101010 and decimal 106. ASCII includes definitions for 128 characters: 33 are non-printing control characters (many now obsolete) that affect how text and space are processed and 95 printable characters, including the space (which is considered an invisible graphic:223).   The code itself was patterned so that most control codes were together, and all graphic codes were together, for ease of identification. The first two columns (32 positions) were reserved for control characters.:220, 236 § 8,9) The "space" character had to come before graphics to make sorting easier, so it became position 20hex;:237 § 10 for the same reason, many special signs commonly used as separators were placed before digits. The committee decided it was important to support uppercase 64-character alphabets, and chose to pattern ASCII so it could be reduced easily to a usable 64-character set of graphic codes,:228, 237 § 14 as was done in the DEC SIXBIT code. Lowercase letters were therefore not interleaved with uppercase. To keep options available for lowercase letters and other graphics, the special and numeric codes were arranged before the letters, and the letter A was placed in position 41hex to match the draft of the corresponding British standard.:238 § 18 The digits 0–9 were arranged so they correspond to values in binary prefixed with 011, making conversion with binary-coded decimal straightforward.
He's out there somewhere, an instant icon in the records of American conflict, the final big-game hunter. But a puzzle, too, his identity would be kept a secret for now, and maybe forever.   He is the unknown shooter. The nameless, faceless triggerman who put a bullet in the head of the world's most notorious terrorist, Bin Laden.   He's likely between the ages of 26 and 33, says Marcinko, founder of the "SEALs Team 6" that many believe led the attack on Bin Laden in Abbottabad, Pakistan. He'll be old enough to have had time to hurdle the extra training tests required to join the counter-terrorism unit, yet young enough to stand the body-punishing harshness of the job. The shooter's a man, it's safe to say, because there are no women in the SEALs. And there's a good chance he's white, though the SEALs have stepped up efforts to increase the number of minorities in their ranks, Marcinko and Smith say.   He was probably a high school or college athlete, Smith says, a physical specimen who combines strength, speed and wisdom. "They call themselves 'tactical athletes,'" says Smith, who works with many future SEALs in his Heroes of Tomorrow training program in Severna Park. "It's getting very scientific."   Marcinko puts it in more conventional terms: "He'll be ripped," says the author of the best-selling autobiography "Rogue Warrior.""He's got a lot of upper-body strength. Long arms. Thin waist. Flat stomach."   On this point, Greitens departs a bit. "You can't make a lot of physical assumptions," says the author of "The Heart and the Fist: The Education of a Humanitarian, the Making of a Navy SEAL." There are SEALs who are 5 feet 4 and SEALs who are 6 feet 5, Greitens says. In his training group, he adds, there were college football boys who couldn't hack it; those who survived were most often men in good shape, but they also had a willingness to show their concerns in favor of the mission.   The shooter's probably not the crew-cut , neatly shaven ideal we've come to expect from American fighting forces. "He's bearded, rough-looking, like a street naughty boy," Marcinko supposes. "You don't want to stick out." Marcinko calls it "modified grooming standards."   His hands will be calloused , Smith says, or just rough enough," as Marcinko puts it. And "he's got frag in him somewhere," Marcinko says, using the battlefield shorthand for "fragments" of bullets or explosive devices. This will not have been the shooter's first adventure. Marcinko estimates that he might have made a dozen or more deployments , tours when he was likely to have dealt with quite a number of dangerous situations, getting ready any time for explosive devices or bullets.
A group of senior high school students are playing outside on a basketball court. They are shouting with excitement. And they all have the same dream. They wish to play in the NBA, just like Huston Rocket's Yao Ming. "Someday, there will be more Chinese players like Yao in the NBA," said 15-year-old Xie Tao, a senior 1 boy at Shanghai No. 2 Middle School. Xie always watches Yao playing on TV. "He is a great player. He makes me proud to be Chinese," he said.   Like Xie, 17-year-old Liu Yan at Beijing No. 22 Middle School is also a big NBA fan. "Since early May, I've not missed one game in the NBA," said the senior 3 student.   Basketball is becoming popular in middle schools across the country. And more young players are starting to like the sport. More students are playing the game.   Jiang Hui, a basketball teacher at Beijing No. 2 Middle School, said that 85 percent of the students at this school like the sport. "Students are full of passion for the game," Jiang's team won the regional first prize in the 2004 National High School Boy's Basketball League in march. The league is the first national basketball competition for high school students.   Playing basketball is a good way to exercise. But students also enjoy it for other reasons. For Li Yan, a Senior 2 at Shanghai No. 12 Middle School, basketball teaches him lessons in life. "When I am in a game, I feel more confident about my studies, " he said. " It also teaches me to have a good team spirit and to enjoy friendship."
Are you the kind of person who likes staying in unusual places? If the answer is "yes", then try the world's coldest hotel in Jukkasjarvi in the north of Sweden. But go in winter to all you'll find is a pool of water, because the hotel melts every spring!   The man who runs the Artic Hall Hotel is Nils Yngve Bergqvist. He built his first ice building for an art exhibition in 1991 and he designed the present hotel-over 200 meters square-himself. It took workmen about two months to pile 1,000 tons of snow onto a wooden base. As the weather got colder, the snow froze and then they removed the base. The whole building and everything in it are made of snow-except for the wooden front door. There's a theatre which Nils uses for a jazz club, a radio station and a large ice bar. As you can imagine, hot drinks are popular with the guests! The rooms have no doors; there's no furniture, no heating and everyone sleeps on ice beds. But the 800 people who stayed at the hotel this winter seemed to like it. If you want to stay in one of he ten ice rooms, it will cost you about Y=30 a night. You will receive a survival certificate from the manager.   When the winter's over, Nils holds his annual contest to predict the day that the hotel will fall. The person that guessed the day correctly last year received a large painting from an Artic Hall exhibition. Nils' ice hotel is becoming world famous and he loves his work. He's already excited about his next project-an ice hotel that will have more complicated architectural features and, he says, will be bigger and better.
A geostationary orbit, geostationary Earth orbit or geosynchronous equatorial orbit (GEO) is a circular orbit above the Earth's equator and following the direction of the Earth's rotation. An object in such an orbit has an orbital period equal to the Earth's rotational period (one sidereal day) and thus appears motionless, at a fixed position in the sky, to ground observers. Communications satellites and weather satellites are often placed in geostationary orbits, so that the satellite antennas (located on Earth) that communicate with them do not have to rotate to track them, but can be pointed permanently at the position in the sky where the satellites are located. Using this characteristic, ocean color satellites with visible and near-infrared light sensors (e.g. the Geostationary Ocean Color Imager (GOCI)) can also be operated in geostationary orbit in order to monitor sensitive changes of ocean environments.   A geostationary orbit is a particular type of geosynchronous orbit, the distinction being that while an object in geosynchronous orbit returns to the same point in the sky at the same time each day, an object in geostationary orbit never leaves that position.   The notion of a geostationary space station equipped with radio communication was published in 1928 by Herman Potočnik. The first appearance of a geostationary orbit in popular literature was in the first Venus Equilateral story by George O. Smith, but Smith did not go into details. British science fiction author Arthur C. Clarke disseminated the idea widely, with more details on how it would work, in a 1945 paper entitled "Extra-Terrestrial Relays — Can Rocket Stations Give Worldwide Radio Coverage?", published in "Wireless World" magazine. Clarke acknowledged the connection in his introduction to "The Complete Venus Equilateral". The orbit, which Clarke first described as useful for broadcast and relay communications satellites, is sometimes called the Clarke Orbit. Similarly, the Clarke Belt is the part of space about above sea level, in the plane of the equator, where near-geostationary orbits may be implemented. The Clarke Orbit is about in circumference.
The Republic of Liberia, beginning as a settlement of the American Colonization Society (ACS), declared its independence on July 26, 1847. The United States did not recognize Liberia's independence until during the American Civil War on February 5, 1862. Between January 7, 1822 and the American Civil War, more than 15,000 freed and free-born Black Americans from United States and 3,198 Afro-Caribbeans relocated to the settlement. The Black American settlers carried their culture with them to Liberia. The Liberian constitution and flag were modeled after the United States. In January 3, 1848 Joseph Jenkins Roberts, a wealthy free-born Black American from Virginia who settled in Liberia, was elected as Liberia's first president after the people proclaimed independence.   Longstanding political tensions from the 27 year rule of William Tubman resulted in a military coup in 1980 that overthrew the leadership soon after his death, marking the beginning of political instability. Five years of military rule by the People's Redemption Council and five years of civilian rule by the National Democratic Party of Liberia were followed by the First and Second Liberian Civil Wars. These resulted in the deaths and displacement of more than half a million people and devastated Liberia's economy. A peace agreement in 2003 led to democratic elections in 2005. Recovery proceeds but about 85% of the population live below the international poverty line.
The boyfriend of a missing Arizona woman is being held without bond on fraud and other charges while police seek additional information into his girlfriend's disappearance, Chandler police said Tuesday.   Jamie Laiaddee went missing from the home she shares with her boyfriend in the early morning hours of March 18, police said.   At first, friends and family didn't think too much about the lapse in communication with their loved one -- the 32-year-old Laiaddee usually got in touch with them every few weeks and it was not uncommon for her to go months without calling her parents, according to Chandler police spokesman Sgt. Joe Favazzo.   It wasn't until 10 weeks later, on May 28, that Laiaddee's father officially reported her missing to police after learning of his daughter's disappearance from her boyfriend of three years -- identified by Chandler police and friends as Bryan Stewart.   Upon searching the couple's home, authorities found Laiaddee's car, purse, keys and other personal effects.   As part of their investigation, authorities also discovered that Stewart had been living under a false name for the past eight years. His real name is Rick Wayne Valentini and he is 41, Favazzo said.   Court documents refer to Valentini by his assumed name.   Stewart was apprehended by police at a Scottsdale apartment after investigators learned he had an outstanding traffic-related arrest warrant. When he was found, he was "in possession of a vehicle owned by Jamie," according to police.   Stewart, who police said is the last person to see Laiaddee, told investigators that he and Laiaddee had an argument on March 17 and broke up after she told him she was taking a new job in Denver, Colorado, Favazzo said. 
It is generally considered that the Pacific War began on 7/8 December 1941, on which date Japan invaded Thailand and attacked the British possessions of Malaya, Singapore, and Hong Kong as well as the United States military bases in Hawaii, Wake Island, Guam and the Philippines. Some historians contend that the conflict in Asia can be dated back to 7 July 1937 with the beginning of the Second Sino-Japanese War between the Empire of Japan and the Republic of China, or possibly 19 September 1931, beginning with the Japanese invasion of Manchuria. However, it is more widely accepted that the Pacific War itself started in early December 1941, with the Sino-Japanese War then becoming part of it as a theater of the greater World War II.[nb 9]   The Pacific War saw the Allied powers pitted against the Empire of Japan, the latter briefly aided by Thailand and to a much lesser extent by its Axis allies, Germany and Italy. The war culminated in the atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki, and other large aerial bomb attacks by the United States Army Air Forces, accompanied by the Soviet invasion of Manchuria on 8 August 1945, resulting in the Japanese announcement of intent to surrender on 15 August 1945. The formal and official surrender of Japan took place aboard the battleship USS Missouri in Tokyo Bay on 2 September 1945. Following its defeat, Japan's Shinto Emperor stepped down as the divine leader through the Shinto Directive, because the Allied Powers believed this was the major political cause of Japan's military aggression and deconstruction process soon took place to install a new liberal-democratic constitution to the Japanese public as the current Constitution of Japan.
Lesotho, officially the Kingdom of Lesotho (), is an enclaved, landlocked country in southern Africa completely surrounded by South Africa. It is just over in size and has a population of around /1e6 round 0 million. Its capital and largest city is Maseru.   Previously known as Basutoland, Lesotho declared independence from the United Kingdom on 4 October 1966. It is a member of the United Nations, the Commonwealth of Nations and the Southern African Development Community (SADC). The name "Lesotho" translates roughly into "the land of the people who speak Sesotho". About 40% of the population lives below the international poverty line of US$1.25 a day.   The original inhabitants of the area now known as Lesotho were the San people. Examples of their rock art can be found in the mountains throughout the area.   The present Lesotho, then called Basutoland, emerged as a single polity under King Moshoeshoe I in 1822. Moshoeshoe, a son of Mokhachane, a minor chief of the Bakoteli lineage, formed his own clan and became a chief around 1804. Between 1821 and 1823, he and his followers settled at the Butha-Buthe Mountain, joining with former adversaries in resistance against the Lifaqane associated with the reign of Shaka Zulu from 1818 to 1828.
Li Mingyang only joined Alibaba's investment platform one month ago but he has already transferred almost all the cash in his bank account - nearly Rmb200,000 ($32,000) - to the online fund. He is far from alone . More than 30 million people in China have signed up to Yu'E Bao, or "Leftover Treasure", only six months since its launch.   Initially as the Chinese e-co mmerce group as a platform for its users to manage extra funds in their online payment accounts, Yu'E Bao is becoming something far more powerful: a straight-up substitute for traditional bank deposits ."There's no point in keeping money in the bank any more. This is just as reliable, more flexible and you can earn a lot more from it," Mr Li says.   A quick hit of the Yu'E Bao application on his phone shows the Shanghai-based editor has earned more interest on his account over the past day than 94 per cent of other local users ."This is fun, almost like a computer game," he says with a laugh.   For every Rmb12 that companies and individuals have deposited in Chinese banks since June, they placed roughly Rmb1 in their Yu'E Bao accounts, according to Financial Times calculations based on official data. While it remains tiny compared with total deposits in the Chinese banking system, this transfer of cash from banks to the Alibaba platform is only speeding up. In the process, it threatens to upend( ) the rules of China's state-protected financial department, break banks' profit model and shifting power to savers in a way that was scarcely imaginable at the start of this year.   Other Chinese tech companies are getting in on the act. Tencent, developer of the hugely popular   messaging app WeChat, is said to be designing a fund platform similar to Yu'E Bao. Baidu, the search engine company, began marketing investment products in October.   "Internet companies, with their ability to instantly reach millions of consumers, have already started to change the competitive dynamic in finance," says Ernan Cui, an analyst with GK Dragonomics, a   Beijing-based research firm.
Sleep is very important. A person who does not sleep dies faster than a person who does not eat. We spend about a third (1/3) of our lives sleeping. That's about 121 days a year! How much sleep do we need? We are all different. A baby needs 16 hours of sleep every day. Children 6 to 12 years old need an average of 10 to 12 hours of sleep. Teenagers need 9 to 10 hours of sleep. An adult needs an average of 7 to 8 hours a night. There are some people who need only 3 hours of sleep. Others need 10 hours of sleep. After the age of 50, the average sleep time goes down to 6.5 hours a night. We need less sleep as we get older. About one in three Americans has a problem with sleep. Many of these people can't fall asleep. The name of this problem is _ . Some people say, "I didn't sleep all night." But that's not really true. They may sleep lightly and wake up several times. In the morning, they only remember the times they were awake , so they think they were awake all night. This is not a new problem. Many famous people in history had insomnia. Some of these people had special ideas to make them sleep. Benjamin Franklin had four beds. He moved from one to another to fall asleep. Mark Twain had a different way. He lay on his side across the end of the bed!
Comics are a medium used to express ideas by images, often combined with text or other visual information. Comics frequently takes the form of juxtaposed sequences of panels of images. Often textual devices such as speech balloons, captions, and onomatopoeia indicate dialogue, narration, sound effects, or other information. Size and arrangement of panels contribute to narrative pacing. Cartooning and similar forms of illustration are the most common image-making means in comics; fumetti is a form which uses photographic images. Common forms of comics include comic strips, editorial and gag cartoons, and comic books. Since the late 20th century, bound volumes such as graphic novels, comics albums, and tankōbon have become increasingly common, and online webcomics have proliferated in the 21st century.   The history of comics has followed different paths in different cultures. Scholars have posited a pre-history as far back as the Lascaux cave paintings. By the mid-20th century, comics flourished particularly in the United States, western Europe (especially in France and Belgium), and Japan. The history of European comics is often traced to Rodolphe Töpffer's cartoon strips of the 1830s, and became popular following the success in the 1930s of strips and books such as The Adventures of Tintin. American comics emerged as a mass medium in the early 20th century with the advent of newspaper comic strips; magazine-style comic books followed in the 1930s, in which the superhero genre became prominent after Superman appeared in 1938. Histories of Japanese comics and cartooning (manga) propose origins as early as the 12th century. Modern comic strips emerged in Japan in the early 20th century, and the output of comics magazines and books rapidly expanded in the post-World War II era with the popularity of cartoonists such as Osamu Tezuka. Comics has had a lowbrow reputation for much of its history, but towards the end of the 20th century began to find greater acceptance with the public and in academia.
Major League Soccer (MLS) is a men's professional soccer league, sanctioned by U.S. Soccer, that represents the sport's highest level in both the United States and Canada. MLS constitutes one of the major professional sports leagues of the United States and Canada. The league comprises 22 teams—19 in the U.S. and 3 in Canada. The MLS regular season runs from March to October, with each team playing 34 games; the team with the best record is awarded the Supporters' Shield. The postseason includes twelve teams competing in the MLS Cup Playoffs through November and December, culminating in the championship game, the MLS Cup. MLS teams also play in other domestic competitions against teams from other divisions in the U.S. Open Cup and in the Canadian Championship. MLS teams also compete against continental rivals in the CONCACAF Champions League.   Major League Soccer was founded in 1993 as part of the United States' successful bid to host the 1994 FIFA World Cup. The first season took place in 1996 with ten teams. MLS experienced financial and operational struggles in its first few years: The league lost millions of dollars, teams played in mostly empty American football stadiums, and two teams folded in 2002. Since then, MLS has expanded to 22 teams, owners built soccer-specific stadiums, average MLS attendance exceeds that of the National Hockey League (NHL) and National Basketball Association (NBA), MLS secured national TV contracts, and the league is now profitable.
Micronesia (from "mikrós" "small" and "nêsos" "island") is a subregion of Oceania, comprising thousands of small islands in the western Pacific Ocean. It has a shared cultural history with two other island regions, Polynesia to the east and Melanesia to the south.   The region has a tropical marine climate, and is part of the Oceania ecozone. There are four main archipelagos along with numerous outlying islands.   Micronesia is divided politically among several sovereign countries. One of these is the Federated States of Micronesia, which is often called "Micronesia" for short and is not to be confused with the overall region. The Micronesia region encompasses five sovereign, independent nations—the Federated States of Micronesia, Palau, Kiribati, Marshall Islands, and Nauru—as well as three U.S. territories in the northern part: Northern Mariana Islands, Guam, and Wake Island.   Micronesia began to be settled several millennia ago, although there are competing theories about the origin and arrival of the first settlers. The earliest known contact with Europeans occurred in 1521, when Ferdinand Magellan reached the Marianas. The coinage of the term "Micronesia" is usually attributed to Jules Dumont d'Urville's usage in 1832, however Domeny de Rienzi had used the term a year previously.   Micronesia is a region that includes approximately 2100 islands, with a total land area of , the largest of which is Guam, which covers . The total ocean area within the perimeter of the islands is .
The Wii is a home video game console released by Nintendo on November 19, 2006. As a seventh-generation console, the Wii competed with Microsoft's Xbox 360 and Sony's PlayStation 3. Nintendo states that its console targets a broader demographic than that of the two others. , the Wii leads its generation over PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 in worldwide sales, with more than 101 million units sold; in December 2009, the console broke the sales record for a single month in the United States.   The Wii introduced the Wii Remote controller, which can be used as a handheld pointing device and which detects movement in three dimensions. Another notable feature of the console is the now defunct WiiConnect24, which enabled it to receive messages and updates over the Internet while in standby mode. Like other seventh-generation consoles, it features a game download service, called "Virtual Console", which features emulated games from past systems.   It succeeded the GameCube, and early models are fully backward-compatible with all GameCube games and most accessories. Nintendo first spoke of the console at the E3 2004 press conference and later unveiled it at E3 2005. Nintendo CEO Satoru Iwata revealed a prototype of the controller at the September 2005 Tokyo Game Show. At E3 2006, the console won the first of several awards. By December 8, 2006, it had completed its launch in the four key markets.
The White family moves to a new city, but Mrs White's son, Bob, is not happy, because he doesn't have any friends to play with there. "Don't worry!" says Mrs White, "you'll soon make friends here." One morning, there is a knock on the door. Mrs White opens it and sees their neighbour Mrs Miller standing there. She comes to borrow two eggs to make some cakes. Mrs White gives her two eggs. In the afternoon, Mrs Miller's son, Jack comes to their home. He says to Mrs White, "my mother asks me to give some cakes and two eggs to you." "Well, thank you," says Mrs White. "Come in and meet my son, Bob." After Bob and Jack have the cakes, they go out to play football together. Jack says, "I am glad you live next door." Bob says, "I must thank your mother for coming to borrow eggs." Jack laughs and tells Bob, "My mother doesn't need any eggs, but she wants to make friends with your mother." Bob says, "Oh, I see. That's a clever way to make friends."
The first ever trans-Atlantic telephone call was made from New York City to London in 1927. In keeping with this spirit, we'd like to tell you some of our other communication records: * Most spammed person Microsoft chairman William H.Gates III(the U.S.A.)receives up to four million spams each day. However, with the help of all the people who are working in Microsoft and anti-spam technology, only around ten spares reach his inbox per day. * Earliest e-mail In l971,Ray Tomlinson,an engineer at the computer company, and Newman in Cambridge, Massachusetts, the U.S.A. sent the first e-mail.At first it was an experiment to see if he could get two computers to exchange a message.(It was Ray who decided to use the @ symbol to separate the other's name from their location. The first e-mail message was "QWERTYUIOP") * Largest LAN party The largest LAN(Local Area Network)party was made up of 8531 unique computers and 9184 members in Sweden from 30 November to 2 December 2006. * Most telephone books torsi in three minutes Tina Shelton tore 21 telephone books at last, each with l028 numbered pages in a time of three minutes in California, the U.S.A. on 9 February 2007.
If you and your friends wish to share a secret, you can write it in code, and no one else will be able to read it. Codes are one way of writing in secret. Ciphers are another. In a code each word is written as a secret code word or a code number. In a cipher each letter is changed.   Codes and ciphers have played an important role in the history of the world. Julius Caesar, the Roman ruler who defeated almost all the countries in Europe about 2,000 years ago, used a cipher when he sent secret messages to his troops. During the American Revolution, George Washington's spies used a kind of code to send his information about the enemy before his military action. In World War II, the Americans"broke"or figured out Japan's most important navy codes and got enough information to destroy a powerful Japanese fleet.   Storekeepers use codes to mark their goods. The codes show how much is paid for the goods or when they are added to the stock. Businessmen use codes to hide plans from their business enemies. Sometimes personal letters or diaries are written in code. Many people enjoy figuring out codes and ciphers simply as a hobby.   In the 16th century, codes and ciphers were very popular among scientists. They wrote messages to each other in code so that no one else would learn their secrets. Geronimo Gardano, an Italian astrologer , mathematician, and doctor, invented the trellis cipher. He took two sheets of paper and cut exactly the same holes in each one. Then he sent one sheet, which he called a trellis, to a friend and kept the other for himself. Whenever he wanted to write a message, he put his trellis over a clean sheet of paper and wrote the secret message through the holes. There he removed the trellis and filled the rest of the paper with words that would make sense. When his friend received it, he put his trellis over the writing and read the secret message.
A gramophone record (phonograph record in American English) or vinyl record, commonly known as a "record", is an analogue sound storage medium in the form of a flat polyvinyl chloride (previously shellac) disc with an inscribed, modulated spiral groove. The groove usually starts near the periphery and ends near the center of the disc. Phonograph records are generally described by their diameter in inches (12", 10", 7"), the rotational speed in rpm at which they are played (16 2⁄3, 33 1⁄3, 45, 78), and their time capacity resulting from a combination of those parameters (LP – long playing 33 1⁄3 rpm, SP – 78 rpm single, EP – 12-inch single or extended play, 33 or 45 rpm); their reproductive quality or level of fidelity (high-fidelity, orthophonic, full-range, etc.), and the number of audio channels provided (mono, stereo, quad, etc.).   The phonograph disc record was the primary medium used for music reproduction until late in the 20th century, replacing the phonograph cylinder record–with which it had co-existed from the late 1880s through to the 1920s–by the late 1920s. Records retained the largest market share even when new formats such as compact cassette were mass-marketed. By the late 1980s, digital media, in the form of the compact disc, had gained a larger market share, and the vinyl record left the mainstream in 1991. From the 1990s to the 2010s, records continued to be manufactured and sold on a much smaller scale, and were especially used by disc jockeys (DJ)s, released by artists in some genres, and listened to by a niche market of audiophiles. The phonograph record has made a niche resurgence in the early 21st century – 9.2 million records were sold in the U.S. in 2014, a 260% increase since 2009. Likewise, in the UK sales have increased five-fold from 2009 to 2014.
Researchers in over 80 nations are taking part in a project to conduct a decade-long census of sea life. Scientists presented some of their findings at a recent conference as the project neared its completion.   In deep icy waters under Antarctica, scientists found bulbous tunicates, an underground animal, and many newly-discovered creatures believed to be related to starfish and other marine creatures.   Elsewhere in the world's oceans, they have recently discovered many kinds of underwater life forms new to science. It is all part of a research effort called the Census of Marine Life.   "There are about 2,000 scientists worldwide involved," said Bob Gagosian, President, CEO of the Consortium for Ocean Leadership. Gagosian helps manage the project. "Everywhere they've gone they've found new things," he says. "The ocean basically is unexplored from the point of view of marine living things."   Researchers have placed small markers on hundreds of fish and marine animals to track by satellite their migration routes and to discover places where sea life gathers.   According to Ron O'Dor, a senior scientist with the Census of Marine Life, knowledge of life on the ocean floor is especially limited. "90% of all the information we have is from the top hundred meters of the ocean," O'Dor states.   And he says the sea floor is, on average, at a depth of 4, 000 meters. And so, as some machines dive far below what people have previously seen, scientists are discovering new species of plants, animals and living things.   Since the census project began, more than 5,300 new marine animals have been found. Ocean researchers say they hope to catalogue 230,000 species during the census --which some say is only a small part of all the creatures living in the sea.
China, officially the People's Republic of China (PRC), is a unitary sovereign state in East Asia and the world's most populous country, with a population of around /1e9 round 3 billion. Covering approximately , it is the world's second-largest state by land area and third- or fourth-largest by total area. Governed by the Communist Party of China, it exercises jurisdiction over 22 provinces, five autonomous regions, four direct-controlled municipalities (Beijing, Tianjin, Shanghai, and Chongqing) and the Special Administrative Regions Hong Kong and Macau, also claiming sovereignty over Taiwan. China is a great power and a major regional power within Asia, and has been characterized as a potential superpower.   China emerged as one of the world's earliest civilizations in the fertile basin of the Yellow River in the North China Plain. For millennia, China's political system was based on hereditary monarchies, or dynasties, beginning with the semi-legendary Xia dynasty. Since then, China has expanded, fractured, and re-unified numerous times. In 1912, the Republic of China (ROC) replaced the last dynasty and ruled the Chinese mainland until 1949, when it was defeated by the communist People's Liberation Army in the Chinese Civil War. The Communist Party established the People's Republic of China in Beijing on 1 October 1949, while the ROC government retreated to Taiwan with its present "de facto" capital in Taipei. Both the ROC and PRC continue to claim to be the legitimate government of all China, though the latter has more recognition in the world and controls more territory.
As one of Hollywood's all-time greatest actress, Audrey Hepburn is famous all over the world. When Hepburn died in 1993, the world mourned the loss of a great beauty, a great actress and a great humanitarian. Born in Belgium on 4th May 1929, Hepburn dreamed of becoming a successful ballet dancer. She had also been a model before she entered the film industry. In 1951, while acting in Monte Carlo Baby, Hepburn met the famous French writer Colette, who was attracted by Hepburn's beauty and charm. She insisted that Hepburn was the perfect girl to play the lead role in Gigi, a play based on her novel. That event marked the beginning of Hepburn's successful career. Shortly after, Hepburn was chosen to play the lead role of a young princess in the Hollywood film Roman Holiday. It was a big success and earned her an Oscar for Best Actress. She also won a Tony Award for the play Ondine.[:..] During her lifetime, Hepburn earned four more Oscar nominations. In 1989, she made her final appearance in her last film Always and played the role of an angel. Throughout her acting years, she acted in only one TV series, Gardens of the world with Audrey Hepburn. By showing us the beauty of nature, Hepburn wanted to remind us that we should protect the environment. Hepburn is remembered not just as a great actress, but also as a great humanitarian. She was honoured with a number of awards because of her efforts in her charity work. In 1992, the President of the United States presented her with the Presidential Medal of Freedom. In 1991, Hepburn discovered that she had cancer. In 1993, at the age of 63, she passed away peacefully in her sleep.
Oklahoma State University women's basketball coach Kurt Budke and assistant coach Miranda Serna were killed when their plane crashed on the way to a recruiting trip in Arkansas, university officials said Friday.   Former Oklahoma state Sen. Olin Branstetter and his wife, Paula, also died in the crash Thursday, university spokesman Gary Schutt said.   "It's a terribly sad day," he said.   The crash occurred in Perry County, Arkansas, leaving no survivors.   The plane, a Piper Cherokee PA-28, according to FAA records, crashed under "unknown circumstances" in a wooded area about four miles south of Perryville, Arkansas, about 4:30 p.m. CT on Thursday, agency spokesman Lynn Lunsford said Friday.   No additional information about the crash was immediately available.   The National Transportation Safety Board has sent investigators to the crash site, the agency said Friday.   Budke and Serna were on a recruiting trip to Little Rock, Arkansas, the university said.   "For any coaching community to lose bright stars like Kurt and Miranda is tragic," NCAA President Mark Emmert said in a statement. "This is a profound loss for the Oklahoma State women's basketball family, the entire university and future women's basketball players as well."   University officials credited Budke for turning the school's women's basketball program around, culminating with a top-10 national ranking and an appearance in the second round of the NCAA tournament last season. He was in his seventh season with the school.   "Kurt was an exemplary leader and a man of character who had a profound impact on his student-athletes," Oklahoma State President Burns Hargis said. "He was an outstanding coach and a wonderful person. We send our deepest sympathies to his wife, Shelley, and their children, Sara, Alex and Brett." 
Cyber language is popular among Chinese netizens, who create English words to reflect novel phenomenon in society.   "Gelivable", combining pinyin of Chinese characters Geili (giving strength) with the English suffix for adjectives, literally means "giving power" or "cool". Similarly, "Hengelivable" means "very cool", and "ungelivable" means "dull, not cool at al". "Antizen" referred to the group of college graduates who, earning a poor salary and living in small rented apartments, are like the tiny and laborious ants.   David Tool, a professor with the Beijing International Studies University said it's very interesting to combine Chinese with English to create new words. "English is no longer mysterious to the Chinese people. They can use the language in a flexible way according to their own experiences," he said. Chinese words and expressions were created, as well, by netizens. One example was "Suan Ni Hen". This three-character expression, which originally meant "you win" with the first character carrying the same pronunciation as garlic in Chinese, is used to satirize high garlic and food prices this winter.   Chinese people use the character "bei" before a verb to show a passive voice, and it is used by netizens to show the helplessness in front of false conclusions and fake media reports. For instance, "zisha" means "suicide" while "beizisha" means "be officially presumed to have committed suicide", and xiaokang means "fairly comfortable life" while "beixiaokang" means "be said to be living a fairly comfortable life".   Wu Zhongmin, a professor at the Party School of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China, saw the phenomenon of word creation as a natural response of young people to social issues. "Cyber language is more vivid and it shortens people's distances," he said.
The International Meridian Conference was a conference held in October 1884 in Washington, D.C., in the United States, to determine a prime meridian for international use. The conference was held at the request of U.S. President Chester A. Arthur. The subject to discuss was the choice of "a meridian to be employed as a common zero of longitude and standard of time reckoning throughout the world". It resulted in selection of the Greenwich Meridian as the international standard for zero degrees longitude.   By the 1870s there was pressure both to establish a prime meridian for worldwide navigation purposes and to unify local times for railway timetables. The first International Geographical Congress, held in Antwerp in 1871, passed a motion in favour of the use of the Greenwich Meridian for (smaller scale) passage charts, suggesting that it should become mandatory within 15 years. In Britain, the Great Western Railway had standardised time by 1840 and in 1847 the "Railway Clearing Union" decreed that "GMT be adopted at all stations as soon as the General Post Office permitted it". The Post Office was by this time transmitting time signals from Greenwich by telegraph to most parts of the country to set the clocks. By January 1848, Bradshaw's railway guide showed the unified times and met with general approval, although legal disputes meant that it was not until 1890 that GMT was formally established across the UK.
Classics or Classical Studies is the study of classical antiquity. It encompasses the study of the Greco-Roman world, particularly of its languages, and literature (Ancient Greek and Classical Latin) but also it encompasses the study of Greco-Roman philosophy, history, and archaeology. Traditionally in the West, the study of the Greek and Roman classics was considered one of the cornerstones of the humanities and a necessary part of a rounded education. The study of Classics has been traditionally a cornerstone of a typical elite education.   The word "Classics" is derived from the Latin adjective "", meaning "belonging to the highest class of citizens". The word was originally used to describe the members of the highest class in ancient Rome. By the 2nd century AD the word was used in literary criticism to describe writers of the highest quality. For example, Aulus Gellius, in his "Attic Nights", contrasts "classicus" and "" writers. By the 6th century AD, the word had acquired a second meaning, referring to pupils at a school. Thus the two modern meanings of the word, referring both to literature considered to be of the highest quality, and to the standard texts used as part of a curriculum, both derive from Roman use.
Jill was a normal student. However, she was barely passing her classes this year. Her finals were coming up in a few weeks and Jill was very nervous about her Math test. She was never very good at Math. Her brother always teased her because he was great at Math, History, and Science, but she preferred Art. To raise her grades, Jill spent the week before finals studying every day in the school library. On the last day before the test, Jill walked in and was ready to work hard like she had every day that week. Except this time she looked over and saw her best friend, Michelle, walking up to her. Michelle greeted Jill and told her that she wants to help her study for the Math test. The two girls spend the rest of the afternoon looking over their class notes. By the end of the day, Jill finally felt ready. She left and walked back to her house. That night Jill made sure to get lots of sleep. She awoke early and had a filling breakfast before making her way to school. Her teacher, Mr. Matthews, handed out the Math tests and she began to work. She felt like she did a really good job, but she was scared, too. Jill had to wait until tomorrow to see how she did. The next day she hurried back to class. Jill walked in and grabbed her test from the stack of papers. She let out a yell. Jill had failed. She turned to her friend Michelle and started to cry. She was so upset.
After the first World War, a small group of veterans returned to their village in Britain. Most of them managed to get along fairly well, but one--Francis Blustering, who had been wounded and who never recovered his strength-- was unable to work like others. In time he became very poor. Yet he was too proud to accept anything from the people in the village.   Once, these veterans held a reunion dinner in the home of Jules Grandin, who had made a good deal of money. Grandin produced a curiosity --a large old gold coin. Each man examined it with interest as it passed around the long table. All, however, had drunk wine freely and the room was full of noisy talk, so that the gold piece was soon forgotten. Later, when Grandin remembered it and asked for it, the coin was missing.   One of them suggested everyone be searched, to which all agreed, except Blustering. "You refuse, then?" asked Grandin. Blustering said with a red face, "Yes, I cannot allow it."   One by one, the others turned out their pockets. When the coin failed to appear, attention was focused on poor Blustering. Under the pitying stares of his friends, he walked out and returned to his home.   A few years later, Grandin made his house repaired. A workman found the gold coin, buried in dirt between planks of the floor. Hurrying to Blustering's home, Grandin apologized to him.   "But why didn't you allow yourself be searched?"   "Because I was a thief," Blustering said brokenly. "For weeks we had not had enough to eat and my pockets were full of food that I had taken from the table to carry home to my wife and hungry children."
J-pop (often stylized as J-POP; "jeipoppu"; an abbreviation for Japanese pop), natively also known simply as pops, is a musical genre that entered the musical mainstream of Japan in the 1990s. Modern J-pop has its roots in traditional Japanese music, but significantly in 1960s pop and rock music, such as The Beatles and The Beach Boys, which led to Japanese rock bands such as Happy End fusing rock with Japanese music in the early 1970s. J-pop was further defined by new wave groups in the late 1970s, particularly electronic synth-pop band Yellow Magic Orchestra and pop rock band Southern All Stars.   Eventually, J-pop replaced "kayōkyoku" ("Lyric Singing Music", a term for Japanese pop music from the 1920s to the 1980s) in the Japanese music scene. The term was coined by the Japanese media to distinguish Japanese music from foreign music, and now refers to most Japanese popular music.   The origin of modern J-pop is said to be Japanese-language rock music inspired by the likes of The Beatles. Unlike the Japanese music genre called "kayōkyoku", J-pop uses a special kind of pronunciation, which is similar to that of English. One notable singer to do so is Keisuke Kuwata, who pronounced the Japanese word "karada" ("body") as "kyerada". Additionally, unlike Western music, the major second ("sol" and "la") was usually not used in Japanese music, except art music, before rock music became popular in Japan. When the Group Sounds genre, which was inspired by Western rock, became popular, Japanese pop music adopted the major second, which was used in the final sounds of The Beatles' song "I Want to Hold Your Hand" and The Rolling Stones' song "(I Can't Get No) Satisfaction". Although Japanese pop music changed from music based on Japanese pentatonic scale and distortional tetrachord to the more occidental music over time, music that drew from the traditional Japanese singing style remained popular (such as that of Ringo Shiina).
Much has been said and written recently about heroes, mainly because many people think we have too few of them. There are many different kinds of heroes, but they all seem to have two things in common. First, heroes, by their actions, show the great possibilities of human nature. Second, heroes can also stand the test of time, and their achievements will not be easily forgotten. Because of these good points, we need to choose our heroes carefully. Olympic sports star Jackie Joyner-Kersee, who is believed to be a hero, warns young people to be careful of making athletes heroes. She hopes that if someone tries to copy her, it will be because she has achieved her goals by working hard. Joyner-Kersee says that a hero should be someone who has an influence on another person's life. Poet Maya Angelou believes that a hero encourages people to treat others well and to be concerned about the greater good. A hero should show politeness, courage, patience, and strength all the time. A hero should encourage others to follow him with actions that improve the world, even if only in small ways. Author Daniel Boorstin suggests that, " _ are people who make news, but heroes are people who make history." Thus, if a person is truly worthy to be called a hero, he or she will not be soon forgotten. We all need heroes. We need to be able to respect people who have been there, done that, and succeeded. Many times the greatest heroes are the people we deal with every day -- relatives , friends, and neighbors -- who will keep going when it is easier to give up. The parent who puts her or his family ahead of herself or himself, the teacher who will make more money at another job but chooses to help others -- all these people can be considered as heroes. A hero quietly and continuously sets a good example, an example that inspires others to follow.
This is a list of properties and historic districts in Tennessee that are listed on the National Register of Historic Places. There are over 2,000 in total. Of these, 29 are National Historic Landmarks. Each of Tennessee's 95 counties has at least one listing.   The Tennessee Historical Commission, which manages the state's participation in the National Register program, reports that 80 percent of the state's area has been surveyed for historic buildings. Surveys for archaeological sites have been less extensive; coverage is estimated less than 5 percent of the state. Not all properties that have been determined to be eligible for National Register are listed.   The locations of National Register properties and districts (at least for all showing latitude and longitude coordinates below), may be seen in an online map by clicking on "Map of all coordinates".   The following are approximate tallies of current listings by county. These counts are based on entries in the National Register Information Database as of April 24, 2008 and new weekly listings posted since then on the National Register of Historic Places web site. There are frequent additions to the listings and occasional delistings and the counts here are approximate and not official. New entries are added to the official Register on a weekly basis. Also, the counts in this table exclude boundary increase and decrease listings which only modify the area covered by an existing property or district, although carrying a separate National Register reference number.
Hunters and bears are often put in fairy tales and often provide a lot for us to think about life and human nature.   Two hunters, Ali and Hagan, went hunting for bears. For four days they saw nothing. Each night they slept in a nearby village, pledging to make part of the bear's skin against the cost of their lodging . On the fifth day a huge bear appeared, and Ali said nervously to his friend, "I don't mind admitting that I'm afraid to take this bear." Hagan laughed, "Just leave it to me, little coward."   So Ali _ like lightning up the nearest tree at once, and Hagan stood with his gun at the ready. The huge creature came, moving on in a slow and awkward way, and Hagan began to grow more and more scared. At last he raised his gun to his shoulder, but by now he was trembling so much that, before he could take proper aim, his gun went off and missed the target .   Hagan, remembering that bears never touch a dead body, threw himself flat on the ground and held his breath. The bear came up, sniffed all around him and moved off in the end.   Ali, who had been watching the whole thing from the tree, now came down and, congratulating Hagan on his escape, asked him, "What did the bear whisper in your ear just now?"   "Don't sell the bear's skin before you have caught the bear," Hagan announced.
Members of the international community have reacted to the re-election of Mahmoud Ahmadinejad as president of Iran and the oppostion protests which have accompanied the result.   Mahmoud Ahmadinejad pictured at a rally held in Tehran Sunday to celebrate his re-election as Iranian president.   U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said in a statement Saturday: "We are monitoring the situation as it unfolds in Iran but we, like the rest of the world, are waiting and watching to see what the Iranian people decide.   "The United States has refrained from commenting on the election in Iran. We obviously hope that the outcome reflects the genuine will and desire of the Iranian people." White House spokesman Robert Gibbs said Saturday the administration was "impressed by the vigorous debate and enthusiasm that this election generated, particularly among young Iranians."   U.S. Vice President Joe Biden, commenting on NBC's "Meet the Press" Sunday, said: "I have doubts, but withhold comment." He added that the Iranian government had suppressed crowds and limited free speech, which raised questions. He also said that the strong showing by Ahmadinejad was "unlikely," based on pre-election analysis. Gallery: Emotions run high after election »   Israel's Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Foreign Affairs Avigdor Liberman said in a statement that "the problem which Iran poses for the international community is not personal in nature, but derives from its policy.   "In any case, in light of Tehran's ongoing policy, and even more so after Ahmadinejad's re-election, the international community must continue to act uncompromisingly to prevent the nuclearization of Iran, and to halt its activity in support of terror organizations and undermining stability in the Middle East. 
Augustus (; 23 September 63 BC – 19 August 14 AD) was the founder of the Roman Principate and considered the first Roman emperor, controlling the Roman Empire from 27 BC until his death in AD 14. He was born Gaius Octavius into an old and wealthy equestrian branch of the plebeian "gens" Octavia. His maternal great-uncle Julius Caesar was assassinated in 44 BC, and Octavius was named in Caesar's will as his adopted son and heir, then known as Octavianus (Anglicized as Octavian). He, Mark Antony, and Marcus Lepidus formed the Second Triumvirate to defeat the assassins of Caesar. Following their victory at the Battle of Philippi, the Triumvirate divided the Roman Republic among themselves and ruled as military dictators. The Triumvirate was eventually torn apart by the competing ambitions of its members. Lepidus was driven into exile and stripped of his position, and Antony committed suicide following his defeat at the Battle of Actium by Octavian in 31 BC.   After the demise of the Second Triumvirate, Augustus restored the outward façade of the free Republic, with governmental power vested in the Roman Senate, the executive magistrates, and the legislative assemblies. In reality, however, he retained his autocratic power over the Republic as a military dictator. By law, Augustus held a collection of powers granted to him for life by the Senate, including supreme military command, and those of tribune and censor. It took several years for Augustus to develop the framework within which a formally republican state could be led under his sole rule. He rejected monarchical titles, and instead called himself "Princeps Civitatis" ("First Citizen of the State"). The resulting constitutional framework became known as the Principate, the first phase of the Roman Empire.
Norway ( ; Norwegian: (Bokmål) or (Nynorsk); ), officially the Kingdom of Norway, is a sovereign state and unitary monarchy whose territory comprises the western portion of the Scandinavian Peninsula plus the remote island of Jan Mayen and the archipelago of Svalbard. The Antarctic Peter I Island and the sub-Antarctic Bouvet Island are dependent territories and thus not considered part of the Kingdom. Norway also lays claim to a section of Antarctica known as Queen Maud Land. Until 1814, the kingdom included the Faroe Islands, Greenland, and Iceland. It also included Bohuslän until 1658, Jämtland and Härjedalen until 1645, Shetland and Orkney until 1468, and the Hebrides and Isle of Man until 1266.   Norway has a total area of and a population of 5,258,317 (as of January 2017). The country shares a long eastern border with Sweden (1,619 km or 1,006 mi long). Norway is bordered by Finland and Russia to the north-east, and the Skagerrak strait to the south, with Denmark on the other side. Norway has an extensive coastline, facing the North Atlantic Ocean and the Barents Sea.   King Harald V of the Dano-German House of Glücksburg is the current King of Norway. Erna Solberg became Prime Minister in 2013, replacing Jens Stoltenberg. A constitutional monarchy, Norway divides state power between the Parliament, the Cabinet and the Supreme Court, as determined by the 1814 Constitution. The kingdom was established as a merger of a large number of petty kingdoms. By the traditional count from the year 872, the kingdom has existed continuously for 1,145 years, and the list of Norwegian monarchs includes over sixty kings and earls.
Gone with the Wind is a novel written by Margaret Mitchell, first published in 1936. It was popular with American readers from the onset and was the top American fiction bestseller in the year it was published and in 1937 on the row. As of 2014, a Harris poll found it to be the second favorite book of American readers, just behind the Bible. More than 30 million copies have been printed worldwide. The sales of Margaret Mitchell's novel in the summer of 1936, at the virtually unprecedented price of three dollars, reached about one million by the end of December. Because it was released in the era of the Great Depression and Mitchell worried the high $3.00 price would ruin its chance for success. Actually the book was a bestseller by the time reviews began to appear in national magazines.   Herschel Brickell, a critic for the New York Evening Post, praised Mitchell for the way she "tosses out the window all the thousands of technical tricks our novelists have been playing with for the past twenty years."   One criticism by literary scholar Patricia Yaeger, leveled at Gone with the Wind, is for its portrayal of African Americans in the 19th century South. Former field hands during the early days of Reconstruction are described behaving "as creatures of small intelligence might naturally be expected to do. Like monkeys or small children turned loose among treasured objects whose value is beyond their comprehension, they ran wild~either from wrong pleasure in destruction or simply because of their ignorance." In Gone with the Wind Mitchell is blind to racial oppression and 'the inseparability of race and gender" that defines the southern belle character of Scarlett, according to Patricia Yaeger.   Yet there are complexities in the way that Mitchell dealt with racial issues. Scarlett was asked by a Yankee woman for advice on who to appoint as a nurse for her children; Scarlett suggested a "darky", much to the disgust of the Yankee woman who was seeking an Irish maid, a "Bridget". African Americans and Irish Americans are treated "in precisely the same way" in Gone with the Wind, writes David O'Connell in his 1996 book, The Irish Roots of Margaret Mitchells Gone with the Wind. Ethnic slurs on the Irish and Irish stereotypes spread in every part of the novel, O'Connell claims, and Scarlett is not an exception to the insults. And apparently in the novel, the Irish American O'Haras were slaveholders whereas African Americans were held as slaves.   Speaking on the subject of whether Gone with the Wind should be taught in schools, James Loewen, author of Lies My Teacher Told Me: Everything Your American History Textbook Got Wrong, says the novel should be taught in schools. Students should be told that Gone with the Wind presents the wrong view of slavery, Loewen states. Besides, the main complaint was that the racial slur "nigger" appears repeatedly in the novel. In the same complaint were several other books: The Nigger of the 'Narcissus', Uncle Tom's Cabin, and The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn.   Another criticism of the novel is that it promotes plantation values. Mitchell biographer Marianne Walker, author of Margaret Mitchell & John Marsh: The Love Story Behind Gone with the Wind, is of the opinion that those who believe Gone with the Wind promotes plantation values have not read the book. Walker states it is the popular 1939 film that "promotes a false notion of the Old South". She goes on to add that Mitchell had no involvement in the production of the film. Perhaps the most enduring legacy of Gone with the Wind is that people worldwide would incorrectly think it was the true story of the Old South and how it was changed by the American Civil War and Reconstruction. The film version of the novel "amplified this effect". Scholars of the period have written in recent years about the negative effects the novel has had on race relations.
Nashville is the capital and largest city of the U.S. state of Tennessee and the seat of Davidson County. It is located on the Cumberland River in the north central part of the state. The city is a center for the music, healthcare, publishing, banking and transportation industries, and home to numerous colleges and universities. It is known as a center of the country music industry, earning it the nickname "Music City, U.S.A."   Since 1963, Nashville has had a consolidated city-county government, which includes six smaller municipalities in a two-tier system. The city is governed by a mayor, a vice-mayor, and a 40-member Metropolitan Council; 35 of the members are elected from single-member districts, while the other five are elected at-large. Reflecting the city's position in state government, Nashville is home to the Tennessee Supreme Court's courthouse for Middle Tennessee. According to 2016 estimates from the U.S. Census Bureau, the total consolidated city-county population stood at 684,410. The "balance" population, which excludes semi-independent municipalities within Nashville, was 660,388. The 2015 population of the entire 13-county Nashville metropolitan area was 1,830,345, making it the largest metropolitan statistical area in the state. The 2015 population of the Nashville-Davidson–Murfreesboro–Columbia combined statistical area, a larger trade area, was 1,951,644.
Ali, who was working a long way from home, wanted to send a letter to his wife, but he could neither read nor write, and he had to work all day, so he could only look for somebody to write his letter late at night .At last he found the house of a letter writer whose name was Nasreddin.   Nasreddin was already in bed. "It is late,"he said. "What do you want?" "I want you to write a letter to my wife , "said Ali , Nasreddin was not pleased. He thought for a few seconds and then said, "Has the letter got to go far?" "What does that matter?" answered Ali.   "Well, my writing is so strange that only I can read it, and if I have to travel a long way to read your letter to your wife, it will cost you a lot of money." Ali went away quickly.
There were 2 best friends named Sam and Jenny. They were not friends with Kimmi, a girl in the same class. And they were not friends with Joe. Joe was not their friend because he didn't talk to Sam and Jenny. Joe did not talk to anyone. Kimmi talked to everyone, but she did not keep secrets she was told and she said bad things about the people around her all the time. No one liked her. Everyone thought she was mean. One day, Sam and Jenny were playing with their puppy near a big tree when they found Kimmi sitting under the tree crying. Kimmi was sad that no one wanted to be her friend. Sam and Jenny felt bad for Kimmi. Jenny told Kimmi she would have a lot of friends if she didn't say such mean things about people. Sam said that was not true, because Joe did not talk about people and he had no friends. Sam and Jenny thought about it a long time. Sam and Jenny brought Kimmi to meet Joe. Kimmi and Joe became friends soon and Kimmi learned not to say mean things about people. Everyone was happier.
The Chinese put up with a lot living in the world's most populous country: standing on over-crowded trains for 40 hours; sleeping outside hospitals to secure a doctor's appointment; waiting more than a year to earn a driver's license.   Add getting a U.S. entry visa to the list. Applicants here have waited as long as 60 days to secure an appointment at one of five U.S. consular locations in China that process visas. There, they're often greeted by long lines, followed by a face-to-face interview that can end badly in a matter of seconds.   Now there are only about 100 U.S. visa officers in China, facing considerable challenges during the summer when tourists and students travel the most. "It's not easy work," Charles Bennett, minister-counselor for Consular Affairs at the U.S. Embassy in Beijing, said to his staff. "You're making, in some cases, life-changing decisions many times a day, and that can cause great tiredness."   To adapt, US consular services expanded their hours, took on about a dozen additional staff and hope to have another 20 officers by spring. More facilities are also being expanded.   Despite the shocking numbers, the embassy remains troubled by charges that it rejects applicants unreasonably and that the process is unfairly burdensome. "I'm fed up," said Wendy Liu, 24. The single woman from Beijing said she was recently refused a visa and told to re-apply when her personal life and finances were more stable. "I'll go anywhere but the U.S. now," she said. "I thought America was supposed to be a country of freedom."   To visit the US, Chinese nationals must prove that they have enough money and family or business ties that make it likely they'll return to China. The Department of Homeland Security said it did not keep records on how many Chinese overstay their visas.   Student visas can be refused on grounds of national security. Beijing native Tan Ge, 25, believes he was not accepted after he stated his interests in infrared technology and nanoelectronics on his application. He now studies in Canada after being forced to abandon a full scholarship to Arizona State University.   By its very nature, the on-the-spot process at the U.S. Embassy can feel unbearable to Chinese applicants, who are asked to take their bank statements, property deeds , marriage licenses and HUKOU, a Chinese household ID.   "It made me feel very uncomfortable," said Xu Yong, 28, a journalist who needed a business visa last month to cover a conference in New York. "They made me feel like someone from a Third World country up to no good."   After giving his fingerprints, Xu waited to be called for his interview, sitting in an area that was as quiet as a library. Each passing minute seemed to be as long as a century.   After an hour, Xu was called with three other people to a window for their interview. Two were rejected before his turn. Then the American officer, speaking fluent Chinese, reached for Xu's paperwork, asked some simple questions and said, "Congratulations."   "I was so nervous. The first thing I did when I got out was to call my mom and tell her I passed," Xu said. "She was the one who warned me it wasn't going to be easy."
Below are Top 10 Scholarly Stars in America in 2011. It's not always about fame and fortune for these celebs - education is a priority in their lives. Find out what scholarly stars have earned degrees and diplomas or are returning to the classroom as you head back to school. No. 10: James Franco James has attended FOUR prestigious universities in his life: UCLA, New York University, Columbia University and Yale University. We hear he's is so serious about school, he missed the Oscar nominations to attend class! No. 9: Natalie Portman Natalie Portman is so Ivy League: she graduated from Harvard University in 2003, thanks to her parents, who she says always made sure she put her studies before her acting. No. 8: Haley Joel Osment When students at NYU heard Haley Joel would be joining them as a freshman in 2006, they chalked the campus' sidewalks with his famous Sixth Sense movie line: "I see dead people." No. 7: Emma Watson Although Emma Watson put her education on hold to wrap up the Harry Potter film series, in July 2011 she announced that she was going back to school at Brown University to complete her degree. No. 6: Dakota and Elle Fanning Celeb sisters Dakota and Elle Fanning are stars on screen and in class. Dakota was her high school's homecoming queen two years in a row while Elle, who still attends middle school, somehow manages to balance her acting career with math tests and gym class. No. 5: Mara Wilson Mara Wilson graduated from NYU in 2009. Mara, who played the adorable Nattie in Mrs. Doubtfire, eventually grew up and headed to New York to attend NYU's Tisch School of the Arts; she graduated in 2009. No. 4: Tyra Banks Tyra Banks is known for being a savvy businesswoman, but even the best could use some formal training. She enrolled in Harvard Business School in 2011 and even went so far as to live in a dorm with her fellow classmates! "We live in dorms," confirmed the TV star. "I have my own room but we share a kitchen, living room and study area. It's mandatory dorms. I freaked out. In the beginning I was like, 'Oh yes, I'm going to Harvard and I'll be at the Four Seasons down the street.' And they were like, 'Girl, you're living in dorms!'" No. 3: Shakira Singer Shakira is resting her hips and giving her brain a workout at UCLA, attending classes on the history of western civilization so she could "learn from the best". No. 2: Steven Spielberg Director Steven skipped getting a formal education to be an unpaid intern at Universal Studios, where he learned his tricks of the _ . But eventually he did go back and earned his film degree in 2002. No. 1: Danica McKellar Danica McKellar is a math whiz. She used to be known for starring as Winnie Cooper in the Wonder Years, but Danica is also a UCLA graduate, math whiz and education advocate who's written three best-selling books encouraging middle-school girls to have confidence and succeed in mathematics.
One afternoon, Kate and her brother Bob went out to play.Kate was eight, and Bob was ten."Let's go to the bridge and we can see fish in the river." said Kate. "I don't know..." Bob said."Mum told us, 'don't go on the bridge.' She said it's dangerous." Kate said, "I am not afraid.Are you?" They walked onto the bridge and began looking for fish in the river.The bridge was a train bridge.Trains went over the bridge three times a day. The children were standing in the middle of the bridge when they heard a loud noise."A train is coming!" Bob shouted."Run!" He ran to the end of the bridge.He was safe. Kate ran, too, but she fell.The train was coming fast.Kate ran towards Bob.She fell again right on the train tracks .There was no time to leave.She had to lie down between the tracks.A few seconds later, the train went over the girl, but she was not hurt at all.She stood up and said to Bob, "Don't tell Mum! Don't tell Mum!" At last their mother found out about the story.She was angry because they went on the bridge.But she was happy that Kate was all right.
Alyssa got to the beach after a long trip. She's from Charlotte. She traveled from Atlanta. She's now in Miami. She went to Miami to visit some friends. But she wanted some time to herself at the beach, so she went there first. After going swimming and laying out, she went to her friend Ellen's house. Ellen greeted Alyssa and they both had some lemonade to drink. Alyssa called her friends Kristin and Rachel to meet at Ellen's house. The girls traded stories and caught up on their lives. It was a happy time for everyone. The girls went to a restaurant for dinner. The restaurant had a special on catfish. Alyssa enjoyed the restaurant's special. Ellen ordered a salad. Kristin had soup. Rachel had a steak. After eating, the ladies went back to Ellen's house to have fun. They had lots of fun. They stayed the night because they were tired. Alyssa was happy to spend time with her friends again.
Mike likes the man. Mike is a gray, winter glove the man found in the snow. The man likes to bring lost gloves home. He puts them in a box. The gloves are warm and safe in the box. They also get to meet new friends when the man finds them and puts them in the box. Mike has made many new friends since the man found him. He has become good friends with Roger, Katie, and Jane. Two of them, Roger and Katie, were found in the snow, like Mike. Jane was not. She was found in a pile of leaves. Roger is a bright orange glove, Jane is a pink mitten, and Katie is a pink glove with purple fingers. Jane also has a friend named Rich. He is a large, black glove who the man found in a building. Mike has met him, but they are not good friends yet. They all like to play tag and talk about how much they like their new lives. Mike is really happy the man found him and he made so many new friends.
Do you want to know something about children in Africa? What to they do for fun every day? Find out here: Education School is expensive for many African children. Lots of families can't afford school uniforms or exercise books even though they don't have to pay for school. For those lucky enough to go to school , they have a lot to learn. Some take two language classes: English or French, and their first language. There is also math, science, history, social studies and geography. _ take up much of children's time after school. They have to get water and firewood for the family every day. Also there's cleaning , washing and helping Mum with the meal. Daily fun It's not all work and no play. Sports are very popular. Children can make goals with twigs ( )and their own footballs with plastic and bits of string ( ). They play in the country and the streets of old towns. There're many football teams for teenagers in Africa. Internet It's really expensive to get on the Internet. To surf the net for 20 hours costs over 600yuan. This is more than the average monthly pay per person. Egypt and South Africa are the top two users of the Internet in Africa. All of the capital cities there can get on the Internet. Some schools offer computer lessons but few students can enjoy computer fun at home.
Alex stared through the cabin window at the darkness. Soon his dad would call him. And he didn't want to go. He wished he hadn't come to the lake for the weekend. "We're ready," Dad said as he came in from the porch. " Grab your rod." Alex turned away from the window and slowly picked up his fishing rod. "Have fun!" Mom said. "Sure," said Alex, trying to make his voice bright. "We should have done this before." Dad said. "Let's catch a big one!" Dad picked up his tackle box, rod, and bait can from the porch. He clicked on the flashlight.   They walked down the hill toward the lake in the narrow beam of light. The only thing Alex could see was the circle of weeds and rocks at their feet, lit by the flashlight. Insect voices filled his ears---clicks, hums, buzzes, whines. Hundreds of bugs waited in the darkness to attack. "Ow!" he blurted as he felt a sting on his arm. "Mosquitoes," Dad said. "I have brought some spray to keep them off."   When they reached the boat, Alex stumbled as he climbed over the side. "I don't like this much," he said. "It's so dark." Dad squeezed his shoulder. "Don't worry. It's not as dark as you think. After a while your eyes will get used to the night." Suddenly something rushed past Alex's head. He gasped. "What was that?" "Probably a bat," Dad said. How could Dad act as if it were nothing! "Will bats be flying around our heads the whole time?" "This is their time to be out catching insects," Dad explained. "They won't hurt you. They're too busy grabbing dinner." He pushed the boat off the gravel and jumped in. Alex gazed back at the cabin. A square of light from the window glowed in the darkness.   Dad rowed to the middle of the lake and stopped. "We'll just let the boat drift. Keep the flashlight in the bottom of the boat. The fish won't bite if they see light flashing around. When we've done baiting our hooks , we'll turn the light off." Leaning down to get closer to the light, Alex tried to thread a worm on his hook, but he couldn't seem to work his fingers right. So what if the worm was only partly on the hook? He didn't want to fish anyway. He didn't even want to be there.
The Peales were a famous family of American artists. Charles Willson Peale is best remembered for his portraits of leading figures of the American Revolution. He painted portraits of Franklin and Jefferson and over a dozen of George Washington. His life-size portrait of his sons Raphaelle and Titian was so realistic that George Washington reportedly once tipped his hat to the figures in the picture. Charles Willson Peale gave up painting in his middle age and devoted his life to the Peale museum, which he founded in Philadelphia. The world's first popular museum of art and natural science mainly covered paintings by Peale and his family as well as displays of animals in their natural settings. Peale found the animals himself and found a method to make the exhibits more lifelike. The museum's most popular display was the skeleton of a huge, extinct elephant, which Peale _ on a New York farm in 1801. Three of Peale's seventeen children were also famous artists. Paphaelle Peale often painted still lives of flowers, fruit, and cheese. His brother Rembrandt studied under his father and painted portraits of many noted people, including one of George Washington. Another brother, Rubens Peale, painted mostly landscapes and portraits. James Peale, the brother of Charles Willson Peale, specialized in miniatures . His daughter Sarah Miriam Peale was probably the first professional female portrait painter in America.
It's the end of class. When the bell rings, students of Luohu Foreign Languages School in Shenzhen quickly take out their cell-phones. They want to log on to their microblogs to check the funny things that have happened in the last hour. Since last year, the trend of microblogging has swept the country. Recent surveys show that most students in middle schools have a microblog, and some even update their blogs over five times per day. "We learn many fresh and interesting things on microblogs and they have become popular topics in class," said Liang Jianmin, 14, a student at Harbin No 3 Middle School. "If you do not know about them, you are out of the loop ." It is also a great place for students to _ stress. "My parents always ask me to study hard, and encourage me before exams, but actually it adds pressure ," said Zhang Yazhe, 15, a student in Luohu Foreign Languages School. "When I share these feelings on my microblog, I get many replies from friends in the same situation, which makes me feel better." But parents are worried that microblogging could be a waste of time. Some misleading messages may even cause danger to kids, they said. Shen Mingde, a professor at the China Education Association, suggests parents not worry too much as long as kids are not crazy about microblogging. Instead, it can become a window for parents to understand their children. "If parents can read their children's microblogs, they'll know their thoughts, thus leading to better communication and solutions to problems," he said. Micro blogging tips for kids 1. Don't microblog for more than one hour a day. 2. Never microblog in class. 3. Try to talk face to face with people instead of just microblogging. 4. Be critical . Don't trust all the messages on a microblog.
There was once an octopus who lived under the ocean. His name was Fred. Fred had never seen the world above the ocean before. He had spent all of his life under water with his friends, a blow fish named Joey, a sponge named Pam, a star fish named Elaine, and another octopus, Stacey. So you can imagine his surprise when he found a treasure chest that had been lost by a ship that had sunk. Inside the chest were things that were completely new to him. Among these was a whole bunch of food items, such as a bottle of ketchup, a coffee mug, a cherry pie, a sandwich, and more. When Fred found these things, he wanted to keep them all for himself. So when he returned to his friends, he didn't tell them what he had found. When his best friend Stacey asked him where he had been, Fred lied and said that he had only gone for a swim. But Stacey didn't believe him. Later on, when Fred was sound asleep in his bed, Stacey visited his room to see what he had been up to. She went digging around in his room for something interesting. When she found the treasure chest, she was amazed at what was inside. But she was also upset at Fred for lying to her, so she woke up him in the middle of the night to yell at him. Fred understood his mistake and apologized to Stacey, and then they shared the food.
Washington (CNN)Ted Cruz is back in his favorite place: the spotlight.   As the first candidate to quit the charade of "exploring" a presidential run and actually jumping in, the Texas Republican senator presented an image Monday of decisiveness and vision -- all before an auditorium of mostly supportive young evangelicals.   Now comes the hard part.   Cruz must make inroads with wide swaths of the GOP if he hopes to break through as a top-tier candidate. He doesn't have many friends in the party establishment thanks to his hard-line tactics on issues like Obamacare. And he's facing steep competition for the conservative vote from the likes of Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker. Even evangelicals, Cruz's target audience during his launch speech at Liberty University, aren't firmly in his column.   The firebrand's decision to jump-start the 2016 election season now is an implicit admission of the daunting challenges he will face in a crowded GOP field where multiple Republicans will vie for the same social and evangelical support base.   "Ted is clearly a player," said Tony Perkins, president of the Family Research Council, a Christian public policy ministry. "But the competition this cycle is very steep."   By choosing Liberty University in Virginia, which was founded by fundamentalist preacher Jerry Falwell, to roll out his long shot campaign, Cruz made clear he won't cede the Christian right to another candidate.   "From the dawn of this country, at every stage, America has enjoyed God's providential blessing," said Cruz, roaming the stage with a microphone like a megachurch preacher on a Sunday morning. "Over and over again, when we faced impossible odds, the American people rose to the challenge. You know, compared to that, repealing Obamacare and abolishing the IRS ain't all that tough." 
Saint Paul (; abbreviated St. Paul) is the capital and second-most populous city of the U.S. state of Minnesota. As of 2016, the city's estimated population was 304,442. Saint Paul is the county seat of Ramsey County, the smallest and most densely populated county in Minnesota. The city lies mostly on the east bank of the Mississippi River in the area surrounding its point of confluence with the Minnesota River, and adjoins Minneapolis, the state's largest city. Known as the "Twin Cities", the two form the core of Minneapolis–Saint Paul, the 16th-largest metropolitan area in the United States, with about 3.52 million residents.   Founded near historic Native American settlements as a trading and transportation center, the city rose to prominence when it was named the capital of the Minnesota Territory in 1849. The Dakota name for Saint Paul is "Imnizaska". Though Minneapolis (Bdeota) is better-known nationally, Saint Paul contains the state government and other important institutions. Regionally, the city is known for the Xcel Energy Center, home of the Minnesota Wild, and for the Science Museum of Minnesota. As a business hub of the Upper Midwest, it is the headquarters of companies such as Ecolab. Saint Paul, along with its Twin City, Minneapolis, is known for its high literacy rate. It was the only city in the United States with a population of 250,000 or more to see an increase in circulation of Sunday newspapers in 2007.
The Uralic languages (; sometimes called Uralian languages ) constitute a language family of 38 languages spoken by approximately 25 million people, predominantly in Northern Eurasia. The Uralic languages with the most native speakers are Hungarian, Finnish, and Estonian, which are official languages of Hungary, Finland, and Estonia, respectively, and of the European Union. Other Uralic languages with significant numbers of speakers are Erzya, Moksha, Mari, Udmurt, and Komi, which are officially recognized languages in various regions of Russia.   The name "Uralic" derives from the fact that areas where the languages are spoken spread on both sides of the Ural Mountains. Also, the original homeland (Urheimat) is commonly hypothesized to lie in the vicinity of the Urals.   Finno-Ugric is sometimes used as a synonym for Uralic, though Finno-Ugric is widely understood to exclude the Samoyedic languages. Scholars who do not accept the traditional notion that Samoyedic split first from the rest of the Uralic family, such as Tapani Salminen, may treat both terms as synonymous.   In recent times, linguists often place the Urheimat (original homeland) of the Proto-Uralic language in the vicinity of the Volga River, west of the Urals, close to the Urheimat of the Indo-European languages, or to the east and southeast of the Urals. Gyula László places its origin in the forest zone between the Oka River and central Poland. E. N. Setälä and M. Zsirai place it between the Volga and Kama Rivers. According to E. Itkonen, the ancestral area extended to the Baltic Sea. P. Hajdu has suggested a homeland in western and northwestern Siberia. Recent ancient DNA analysis revealed that Uralic haplogroup N1 (Y-DNA) was originated from northeastern China, Liao river region, which is a new candidate of the homeland.
Soon it would be the holidays. But before that, there was the end of year exams. All the students worked hard for some time. If they didn't pass, they would have to take the exams in September again. Some students failed, but Kate decided not to be one of them. She worked hard all day, but just before the exams she was working so hard that her sister was worried about her. She was staying up too late . The night before the first exam, Barbala insisted that she should have an early night and take a sleeping pill. She promised to wake her in the morning. As she was falling asleep, Kate was worried in case she over-slept. Her mind kept jumping from subject to subject. At last, with the help of the pill, she fell asleep. she was sitting in the examination hall, looking at the paper. She couldn't answer any of the questions. Everyone round her was writing pages and pages. However hard she thought, she couldn't find anything to write about. She kept looking at her watch. Time was running out. There was only one hour left. She started one question, wrote two sentences, gave up and tried another one. With only half an hour left she wrote another two sentences. By this time she was so worried that she started crying. Her whole body shook(,). It shook so much that it woke her up. She was still in bed and it had all been a terrible dream. A minute later, Barbala called her name.
John and Bobby joined the same company together just after they completed their university studies the same year. Both of them worked very hard. Several years later, however, the boss promoted Bobby to manager but John was still a worker. John could not take it, and gave his resignation to the boss. He complained that the boss did not think much of those who were hard -working, but promoted only those who flattered him. The boss knew that John had worked very hard for the years. He thought a moment and said, "Thank you for what you said, but I hope you will do one more thing for our company before you leave" John agreed. The boss asked him to go and find anyone selling watermelons in the market. John went and returned soon. He said he had found a man selling watermelons. The boss asked how much they cost every kilogram. John shook his head and went back to the seller to ask and returned to tell the boss $1.2 every kilogram. The boss told John to wait a second, and he called Bobby to come to his office. He asked Bobby to go and find anyone selling watermelons in the market. Bobby went and returned, saying, "Boss, only one person is selling watermelons. $1.2 every kilogram, and $10 for 10 kilograms. The seller has 340 melons. On the table there are 58 melons, and each weighs about 2 kilograms. They were brought from the South two days ago. They are of good quality." Hearing what Bobby said, John realized the difference between himself and Bobby. He decided to stay and learn from Bobby.
If Oprah Winfrey were a close friend and you had a secret to tell, she'd be an obvious choice to go to for some relief.   Not necessarily because she wouldn't broadcast it, but because she'd probably hold your hand, ease the tension, listen sympathetically and not make you feel too bad about yourself if the secret's more like a skeleton. You both might even shed a few tears.   In essence, this is the persona that Winfrey has crafted over the years as she's moved from newcomer host on "AM Chicago," to the queen of daytime TV with "The Oprah Winfrey Show," to the current chief executive officer of OWN, the Oprah Winfrey Network. She's relatable, but still inspiring; candid without being crass; and about as vulnerable as a billionaire media titan can be.   "One of Oprah's major products is redemption," Kathryn Lofton, a professor of religious and American studies at Yale University, told The Globe and Mail. "She sold the experience of confession -- of hearing somebody's darkest story, and offering to them the possibility of relief from its articulation."   As a result, Winfrey has inspired her fair share of televised confessions, from everyday guests to high-profile names. If you need to come clean and find a new path, Winfrey's the one to show you how to do it.   Disgraced cyclist Lance Armstrong is the latest celebrity to sit down with Winfrey for a "no-holds-barred" two-part chat set to begin airing on her network Thursday night.   In the pre-taped "Oprah's Next Chapter" interview, Armstrong is expected to admit to using performance-enhancing substances during his heralded career -- a sharp about-face after he steadfastly denied doping allegations. Stripped of his seven Tour de France titles and banned from the sport, Armstrong is not only facing a mountainous public relations hurdle, but also possible legal ramifications. 
Guan Moye, better known as Mo Yan, is a Chinese novelist and short story writer. He has been referred to by Donald Morrison of U.S. news magazine, TIME, as "one of the most famous and widely pirated of all Chinese writers". He is best known to Western readers for Red Sorghum Clan , which was later adapted for the film, Red Sorghum. In 2012, Mo was awarded the Nobel Prize in Literature. Mo Yan was born in Gaomi County, Shandong Province. He was 11 years old when the Cultural Revolution started, at which time he left school to work as a farmer. At the age of 18, he began to work at a factory. During this period, his access to literature was largely limited to novels. At the close of the Cultural Revolution in 1976, Mo joined the People's Liberation Army (PLA) and began writing. During this period, the works of Chinese literature, as well as translations of foreign authors such as William Faulkner, made an impact on his works. In 1984, he received a literary award from the PLA Magazine, and at the same year he began attending the Military Art Academy, where he first used the pen name of Mo Yan. "Mo Yan" means "don't speak" in Chinese. He explained that the name came from a warning from his father and mother about not saying what he thought when he was outside. It also related to the subject matter of his writings. Mo's first novel was Falling Rain on a Spring Night, published in 1981. Several of his novels were translated into English by Howard Goldblatt, professor of East Asian languages and literature, at the University of Notre Dame. He published his first novella , A Transparent Radish, in 1984, and released Red Sorghum Clan in 1986, making him a nationally recognized novelist. Five years later, he obtained a Master's degree in literature from Beijing Normal University.
Many children have a "bug period"--a time of life when bugs are a source of endless fascination and learning. Naturalist Edward O. Wilson jokes that unlike other kids, he never grew out of his bug period.   Luckily for this biologist, his lifelong passion for ants has led to a career rich in accomplishments and praise. He is not just the world's foremost expert on the social behavior of ants, but also the receiver of the National Medal of Science and two Pulitzer Prizes for nonfiction. Now, at the age of 80, Wilson has tried his hand at fiction. His first novel, Anthill, combines two of his greatest loves -- his childhood home, Alabama, and the ants that have been his lifelong friends.   Described as a "six-legged Iliad," Wilson's Anthill draws parallels between human and ant societies. Though there are no ant bands, secret police, or schools of philosophy, both ants and man conduct wars, divide themselves into specialized classes of workers, build cities, maintain infant nurseries and cemeteries, take slaves and practice agriculture, though ant societies are more energetic, selfless, and efficient than human ones.   The book's first and third sections deal with the adventures of an Alabama boy, Raphael Semmes Cody, who goes by the name Raff. The boy grows up knocking around the Nokobee woods; he's drawn to its natural wonders, and uses the forest to escape from his parents' unhappy marriage. In the woods he leaves almost no stone unturned as he discovers the forest's rich flora and fauna . Raff grows up and heads to Harvard to study law, but returns later in life to protect the Nokobee from crazy developers. But fans of Wilson's science will be most interested in the book's middle section, where the author inserts a mini-novel describing the trials and sufferings of the ants living in the endangered forest.   Reviews of the book have been mixed. Writing for The New York Review of Books, Margaret Atwood praised Wilson for his first novel, saying that it is highlighted by a diversity of ideas and an imaginative plot. And -- with the exception of some dull preachiness -- it is entertaining.
The Gambia (), officially the Republic of The Gambia, is a country in West Africa that is entirely surrounded by Senegal except for its coastline on the Atlantic Ocean at its western end. It is the smallest country in mainland Africa.   The Gambia is situated on either side of the Gambia River, the nation's namesake, which flows through the centre of The Gambia and empties into the Atlantic Ocean. Its area is with a population of 1,882,450 at the April 2013 census (provisional). Banjul is the Gambian capital, and the largest cities are Serekunda and Brikama.   The Gambia shares historical roots with many other West African nations in the slave trade, which was the key factor in the placing and keeping of a colony on the Gambia River, first by the Portuguese, during which era it was known as "A Gâmbia". Later, on 25 May 1765, The Gambia was made a part of the British Empire when the government formally assumed control, establishing the Province of Senegambia. In 1965, The Gambia gained independence under the leadership of Dawda Jawara, who ruled until Yahya Jammeh seized power in a bloodless 1994 coup.   Adama Barrow became The Gambia's third president in January 2017, after defeating Jammeh in December 2016 elections. Jammeh initially refused to accept the results, which triggered a constitutional crisis and military intervention by the Economic Community of West African States, resulting in his exile.
Argentina's star-studded team went top of South America's 2014 World Cup qualifying group as Lionel Messi inspired a 4-0 thrashing of Ecuador on Saturday.   With his top Europe-based players to call on, coach Alejandro Sabella saw his side effectively end the match with three goals after only half an hour.   Sergio Aguero, top scorer for English champions Manchester City last season, broke the deadlock in the 20th minute as he celebrated his 24th birthday in style.   Strike partner Gonzalo Higuain, who helped Real Madrid to the Spanish title, doubled the lead nine minutes later.   Barcelona's three-time world player of the year Messi made it 3-0 two minutes later to continue his unbelievable scoring form, having netted 73 times for the Spanish club in the recently-completed 2011-12 campaign.   Real Madrid winger Angel Di Maria wrapped up the scoring with 15 minutes to play as Argentina moved up to 10 points from five games, just ahead of Chile.   Messi was key to the victory, which came ahead of next Saturday's friendly against Brazil in the United States. The 2014 hosts lost 2-0 to Mexico in a friendly in Texas on Sunday.   He combined with Di Maria to set up Aguero's opener and then linking with Higuain for his own goal before also setting up the final effort.   Chile moved onto nine points from five matches with a 2-0 win over bottom team Bolivia, who had Luis Gutierrez sent off in the second half.   Midfielder Charles Aranguiz scored against the run of play just before halftime in La Paz, then Gutierrez saw red for a foul on Barcelona's Alexis Sanchez before Juventus midfielder Arturo Vidal wrapped it up with seven minutes to play. 
Michael Joseph Jackson was born on August 29, 1958. He was born in Gary, Indiana. He was the seventh child out of nine children in his family. Michael was often physically abused by his father, beaten up and also verbally abused. But Michael also owed his success to his father's being strict.   Michael was always an entertainer . Even when he just joined school, he would perform in front of friends and classmates. Michael started his professional music career at the age of 11, as a member of the Jackson Five.   He's well-known for increasing the popularity of MTV through his music videos. Before this, music videos were made just to promote the albums . But Michael's videos managed to change that in videos being made as an art, and for big business. Some of the music videos that are good examples of this fact are Beat It, Billie Jean, and Thriller. Through these works of his, the world got caught onto the idea of music videos and dedicated music video channels.   Michael _ his fans and audiences with his style of singing, dressing, and his complex dance moves, especially the "Moonwalk". The moonwalk is something that people from every part of the globe loved and try to copy People have also done mass moonwalks all around to show their love towards him.   Michael Jackson supported 39 charities . Through his work and various foundations, he raised and gave millions toward charity, much more than any other showman. He had great love for children, especially the poor ones, and he felt children were the next best thing after God.   Michael planed to start a 50-concert tour in July 2009. Sadly, on 25thJune, 2009, Michael passed away at home. Michael Jackson was a great performer, showman, and entertainer, besides the good human and charitable person that he was. It's very unlikely that there will ever be another entertainer like Michael Jackson ever again.
Wang Jiaming from Beijing Chenjinglun High School says he is a lucky boy. He's happy that he's sitting the senior high school entrance exam in 2014 instead of 2016. On Oct 22, Beijing Municipal Commission of Education announced that, from 2016, the English scores in the senior high school entrance exam will be reduced from 120 to 100. Of the 100 points, the listening ability scores will increase to 50. Meanwhile, the points for Chinese will increase from 120 to 150. "The change won't affect me. I feel so lucky because English is my strongest subject," said Wang. Why such a change? It places the importance on Chinese in our study, and reduces students' stress, said Li Yi, spokesman of the commission. "The change will also push us to pay attention to the practical usage of English," said Li. "Students will be encouraged to learn to understand English menus and read English news on mobile phones." There isn't news that other cities will have the same change. But several places are making changes to English tests in the college entrance exams. For example, Shandong is considering taking out the listening part of the English exam in its college entrance exams. But, "being tested for less points doesn't mean the subject _ ," Bai Ping wrote in China Daily. English has long been the world's most commonly used language. Former Chinese premier Zhu Rongji once said: "In a globalizing economy , if you cannot communicate with foreigners, how can one be part of the world economy?" Wang Jiaming said he understood the change. "Chinese, not English, is our mother tongue ," he said. "But still, I think English is both interesting and useful."
Greek colonies and communities have been historically established on the shores of the Mediterranean Sea and Black Sea, but the Greek people have always been centered around the Aegean and Ionian seas, where the Greek language has been spoken since the Bronze Age. Until the early 20th century, Greeks were distributed between the Greek peninsula, the western coast of Asia Minor, the Black Sea coast, Cappadocia in central Anatolia, Egypt, the Balkans, Cyprus, and Constantinople. Many of these regions coincided to a large extent with the borders of the Byzantine Empire of the late 11th century and the Eastern Mediterranean areas of ancient Greek colonization. The cultural centers of the Greeks have included Athens, Thessalonica, Alexandria, Smyrna, and Constantinople at various periods.   The evolution of Proto-Greek should be considered within the context of an early Paleo-Balkan sprachbund that makes it difficult to delineate exact boundaries between individual languages. The characteristically Greek representation of word-initial laryngeals by prothetic vowels is shared, for one, by the Armenian language, which also seems to share some other phonological and morphological peculiarities of Greek; this has led some linguists to propose a hypothetical closer relationship between Greek and Armenian, although evidence remains scant.
California's parole board Tuesday refused to release onetime Manson family acolyte Leslie Van Houten, finding the 60-year-old remains dangerous more than four decades after the group's Southern California murder spree.   The board found that Van Houten "still poses a risk to society," spokesman Luis Patino said. The decision marks the 19th time that she has been denied parole, and she won't be eligible again until 2013, Patino said.   Los Angeles Deputy District Attorney Patrick Sequeira praised the decision.   "The crime itself was absolutely horrendous -- the brutal slaughter of two individuals in their home, in a cruel and very horrifying manner," said Sequeira. "It is our position that she never really has fully accepted responsibility for her crimes."   Known as "Lulu" while one of notorious spree killer Charles Manson's followers, Van Houten helped hold down Rosemary LaBianca while other Manson family members stabbed her and her husband, Leno LaBianca in 1969. She was 19 at the time.   She has been imprisoned at the California Institution for Women at Frontera for more than three decades, following her final conviction on first-degree murder charges in 1978 and a sentence of life in prison.   Prison spokesman Lt. Robert Patterson told CNN in 2009 that Van Houten is a model inmate involved in prison programs and a mentor to other inmates in the facility's college program. And lawyer Brandie Devall, who has been representing Van Houten for just under a year, said Tuesday before the hearing that the "fact that Leslie has had good reports since 1978" should help persuade the parole board to release her. 
The explosive found hidden in a package on a plane in the United Arab Emirates on Friday may have traveled on passenger planes to get there, airline officials said Sunday.   The explosive, along with a similar device found in the United Kingdom, appear to have been designed to detonate on their own, without someone having to set them off, the top White House counterterrorism official told CNN.   "It is my understanding that these devices did not need somebody to detonate them," said John Brennan, President Barack Obama's assistant for homeland security and counterterrorism.   U.S. investigators believe al Qaeda bomb maker Ibrahim Hassan al-Asiri, 28, is linked to that package and another one found on a second airplane in Britain's East Midlands Airport on Friday, a federal official, who was briefed by authorities, told CNN Sunday. Both packages were addressed to synagogues in Chicago, Illinois.   Al-Asiri, who is thought to be in Yemen, is a Saudi who was high on Saudi Arabia's list of most wanted published in February 2009. He is also believed to be the bomber who designed last year's failed Christmas Day underwear bomb.   Separately, an engineering student arrested in Yemen was released Sunday, along with her mother, according to her father, Mohammed Al-Samawi. She was earlier identified as Hanan Al-Samawi, a fifth-year student at Sanaa University in the Yemeni capital, said Abdul-Rahman Barman, a human rights attorney and activist who said he was asked to represent her.   A high-level source in the United Arab Emirates said Hanan Al-Samawi's name was found on the cargo manifest of the device found in Dubai. 
Once there was a fish who had lived his whole life in his bowl. He often got bored and wished to see the rest of the world, but because he was a fish, he couldn't leave the water. So one day he made a special fish suit that would allow him to walk on land and breathe air like humans. He knew this would change his life, and make him rich, but first he would have to test it out.   He put the suit on and leaped from the bowl that until now had been his whole world. The suit worked! Now he could go where he wanted.   First he went to the kitchen of the house. There he saw a parrot eating a cracker. Second he went outside to the yard. He saw squirrels there running around looking for food. Third he went to the barn in the field. He saw a mommy cow. She was teaching her calf how to run. Finally he went to forest where he saw more trees than he had ever seen in his whole life.   But after all this he was tired, and made up his mind to go back to his home in the bowl. It was a lot of work trying to see the world. He took off the special suit and splashed back into the water. His suit had passed the test and he was very happy, but he had made up his mind that his bowl was the place for him.
In the intraparty battle for the GOP, score Round 1 for the Republican establishment over the tea party.   CNN projects that North Carolina House Speaker Thom Tillis has won the state's GOP Senate primary. Tillis, who was backed by many mainstream Republicans, topped 40% of the primary vote Tuesday, avoiding a runoff in July.   Tillis beat a bunch of more conservative candidates for the chance to face off this November against first-term Democratic Sen. Kay Hagan, who is considered very vulnerable in the general election. Flipping her seat and five others held by Democrats would give Republicans control of the Senate.   In his victory speech, Tillis slammed Hagan's record, tying her to Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid and calling them "an echo chamber for President Obama's worst ideas."   "We need to be clear, it's not the end of a primary, it's really the beginning of a primary mission, which has been the mission all along and that is to beat Kay Hagan and to make Harry Reid irrelevant," he said.   Rand Paul stumbles and four other takeaways from election night   "You know, their failures, both Obama's and Kay Hagan's, are obvious," Tillis added.   "We know a lot of them -- our government is borrowing too much money and it's dangerously in debt to China. Obamacare is not working. And Obama and Hagan's left-wing political agenda is driving up our energy prices and making our country less safe.   "For six years, she's voted with Obama and against North Carolina," he said.   Trailing Tillis is tea party activist Greg Brannon. He enjoyed the support of many tea party groups, other influential conservative organizations and endorsements from the likes of Sens. Mike Lee of Utah and Rand Paul of Kentucky, who joined Brannon on Monday at a rally in Charlotte. 
Islam () is an Abrahamic monotheistic religion teaching that there is only one incomparable God (Allah) and that Muhammad is the messenger of God. It is the world's second-largest religion and the fastest-growing major religion in the world, with over 1.8 billion followers or 24.1% of the global population, known as Muslims. Muslims make up a majority of the population in 50 countries. Islam teaches that God is merciful, all-powerful, unique and has guided mankind through prophets, revealed scriptures and natural signs. The primary scriptures of Islam are the Quran, viewed by Muslims as the word of God, and the teachings and normative example (called the "sunnah", composed of accounts called "hadith") of Muhammad ( 570–8 June 632 CE).   Muslims believe that Islam is the complete and universal version of a primordial faith that was revealed many times before through prophets including Adam, Abraham, Moses and Jesus. As for the Quran, Muslims consider it to be the unaltered and final revelation of God. Like other Abrahamic religions, Islam also teaches a final judgment with the righteous rewarded paradise and unrighteous punished in hell. Religious concepts and practices include the Five Pillars of Islam, which are obligatory acts of worship, and following Islamic law, which touches on virtually every aspect of life and society, from banking and welfare to women and the environment. The cities of Mecca, Medina and Jerusalem are home to the three holiest sites in Islam.
(RealSimple.com) -- A lengthy separation -- and a surprise trip to Paris -- caused this husband and wife to realize that their marriage could be saved.   Mary L. Tabor and Del Persinger Washington, D.C. Married 26 years   Mary was still in her nightgown and robe, sipping a cappuccino in the kitchen of the Washington, D.C., brownstone she shared with her husband, Del, when he walked in and announced he wanted to live alone. They had been married for 21 years.   "I didn't know what had hit me," Mary, 64, recalls of that fall morning in 2005. "I wondered, does he have a girlfriend? A boyfriend? I had no idea what was wrong."   Although the couple's relationship had been strained for a few months, Mary simply assumed they were going through a rough patch. She attributed Del's loss of interest in sex and his suddenly quick temper to stress from his high-pressure job as a financial analyst.   "Del was so on edge that he would yell at me about every little thing -- like a knife accidentally placed in the dishwasher with the point up," says Mary, a writer and a teacher. Still, she figured that things would soon return to normal.   RealSimple.com: How to break bad habits   For Del, the decision had been a long time coming. Increasingly restless within his marriage, he wondered whether it was holding him back from leading a more exciting life. "I knew the problem wasn't Mary -- it was me," he says. "And I felt I needed to work through my mixed emotions alone." 
Scotland (; Scots: ; ) is a country that is part of the United Kingdom and covers the northern third of the island of Great Britain. It shares a border with England to the south, and is otherwise surrounded by the Atlantic Ocean, with the North Sea to the east and the North Channel and Irish Sea to the south-west. In addition to the mainland, the country is made up of more than 790 islands, including the Northern Isles and the Hebrides.   The Kingdom of Scotland emerged as an independent sovereign state in the Early Middle Ages and continued to exist until 1707. By inheritance in 1603, James VI, King of Scots, became King of England and King of Ireland, thus forming a personal union of the three kingdoms. Scotland subsequently entered into a political union with the Kingdom of England on 1 May 1707 to create the new Kingdom of Great Britain. The union also created a new Parliament of Great Britain, which succeeded both the Parliament of Scotland and the Parliament of England. In 1801, Great Britain itself entered into a political union with the Kingdom of Ireland to create the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.   Within Scotland, the monarchy of the United Kingdom has continued to use a variety of styles, titles and other royal symbols of statehood specific to the pre-union Kingdom of Scotland. The legal system within Scotland has also remained separate from those of England and Wales and Northern Ireland; Scotland constitutes a distinct jurisdiction in both public and private law. The continued existence of legal, educational, religious and other institutions distinct from those in the remainder of the UK have all contributed to the continuation of Scottish culture and national identity since the 1707 union with England.
The mystery stories of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle are famous all over the world. The detective in his stories is called Sherlock Holmes. He solves mysteries in a most surprising way. His assistant, Dr Watson, watches with admiration and then writes up the story of the mystery afterwards. This is a useful story writing skill. Because Watson is not very clever, the story remains a mystery until the end. The readers can sometimes pick up some clues before he does! Then, to make Watson understand the mystery, Holmes has to explain it all, step by step. So we, the readers, get to see it step by step too. Watson is almost as good a character in the story as Sherlock Holmes! The very first time they meet, Holmes greatly surprises Watson. When they are first introduced, Holmes says to Watson, 'How do you do? I see you have been to Afghanistan .' Watson is too amazed by this to ask Holmes how he knows this. Watson has, indeed, been to Afghanistan. Later, he asks Holmes about it. Holmes explains that there is nothing magical about what he does. He gets to know it all by very, very careful observation . Observation One Watson was introduced to Holmes as a doctor. Yet Holmes thought that the way he stood and walked made him seem like a soldier. So, this meant he was probably an army doctor. Observation Two Watson's face was quite dark skinned. But his wrists were pale. So his dark face was probably sun burnt. This meant that he had been to a hot, sunny country. Observation Three At the time, the British army had soldiers at bases in many parts of the world. So there were still a lot of places to choose from. However, Holmes saw that Watson looked very tired and he was always holding his left arm, as if it was painful. So, he had probably been with the army to a place where they were fighting. There was only one place where the British army was fighting at that time: Afghanistan.
Jean is a bright young woman from a rich and famous family. She goes to a good university and has almost everything that money can buy. But the people in Jean's family are so busy that they can hardly find time to be with her. In fact, Jean is quite lonely. So Jean spends a lot of her time on QQ. She likes being anonymous talking to people who do not know about her famous family and her rich life. She uses the name Linda on QQ and made a lot of friends. Last year Jean made a very special friend on QQ. His name was David and he lived in San Francisco. David was full of stories and jokes. He and Jean had the same interests in rock music and modern dance. So it always took them many hours to talk happily on QQ and sometimes they even forgot the time. Of course, they wanted to know more about each other. David sent a picture of himself: he was a tall, good-looking young man with big, happy smile. As time went by, they became good friends and often sent cards and small things to each other. When Jean's father told her that he was going on a business trip to San Francisco, she asked him to let her go with him, so that she could give David a surprise for his birthday. She would take him the latest DVD of the rock singer they liked most. But when Jean knocked in David's door in San Francisco, she found that the special friend she had written to was a twelve-year-old boy named Jim!
Hangzhou, capital of Zhejiang Province, China, was chosen to be the host city of the 19th Asian Games . However, some people say that the 19th Asian Games will be held in 2022, while some say 2023. Which is true? To make it clear, we need to have a better understanding of Asian Games first. The Asian Games is a multi-sport event. It is held every four years among athletes from all over Asia. It is the second largest multi-sport event after the Olympic Games. The Asian Games are always held at the same year as the World Cup, which is also held every four years. Many people around the world pay more attention to the World Cup. This really makes the Olympic Council of Asia(OCA) worried. So, the OCA decides to _ the 18th Asian Games for a year. That is in 2019. In this way, the Asian Games won't be held in the same year as the World Cup. So Hangzhou will hold the event in 2023. Hanoi , capital of Vietnam , is the host city of the 18th Asian Games. However, Vietnamese government announced in 2014 that Hanoi gave up the right to host the Asian Games because they don't have enough money. Luckily, Djakarta , capital of Indonesia , was willing to be the host city instead of Hanoi. But then came another problem. Djakarta will hold presidential election in 2019, so the government wanted to change the holding time of the Asian Games back to 2018. The OCA agreed.
Although she's quite young, Drew Barrymore can be a Hollywood legend . She was born on February 22, 1975, in California. Being from a family that produced great actors, she quickly found her way into the spotlight . When she was 11 months old, she made her first advertisement on TV. She made her first movie at the age of 2. Five years later, she acted Gertie in Steven Spielberg's famous film E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial (1982). However, it wasn't all roses and sunshine when Barrymore was growing up. She was drinking wine by the time she was 9, smoking marijuana at 10. Most kid stars in Hollywood fail to become stars as adults. And most of the time, once they're out of the spotlight, they stay out. But Drew Barrymore doesn't. As she was growing older, Barrymore got to learn that life is more meaningful than dangerous actions in the films. She started to build a career in 1997. She has made many successful films since then, including Charlie's Angels (2000) and 50 First Dates (2004). "In my life, there is darkness and drama, and I 'm trying my best. I just want to challenge myself and prove that I can do more." In fact, if you don't know her _ childhood, you might find it hard to believe she's such a sweet person now. Like many of the characters she plays in her comedy, Drew is easy-going and laughs a lot. In 2007, she was on the cover of People magazine's 100 Most Beautiful People issue. "Life is very interesting ... in the end, some of your greatest pains, become your greatest strengths," Drew said.
When the tearful broadcaster broke the news to North Koreans that their leader, Kim Jong Il, had died, the audience in the hall gasped.   Then the hysterics began, along with the bawling and sobbing.   "Father!" mourners cried. A wailing woman pounded her fist against her chest to signify heartache. Some appeared to go into physical convulsions. Other North Koreans sobbed so hard, they barely maintained their balance.   "Our leader endured all the hardships," one mourner told state-run Korean Central News Agency in a televised interview. "I can't believe it. Our leader, he's still with us."   Even the reporter holding KCNA's microphone bowed his head and trembled.   In North Korean media videos viewed by CNN, people wept in fitful, theatrical proportions. Whether the mass grieving was genuine is up to debate.   Cultures grieve differently. For instance, in South Korea, it's acceptable to express sorrow vocally, said Sung-Yoon Lee, a research fellow at the National Asia Research Program.   But North Korea presents a unique case.   "It's such a regimented, uniform society, people are conditioned from their early years to praise and adore their leader," he said. "The passing of their leader would be an indication to grieve properly so they are not to be stigmatized by failing to grieve properly. There are always people watching you -- if you are not devastated by the news, you may get in trouble."   While some may exaggerate, for others the grief is authentic, Lee said.   "I think there would be great deal of sincerity, because they're so programmed and conditioned and have an incentive to outperform their families, neighbors in grieving properly," he said. "North Koreans are raised to praise their leader, as are Christians for God. For North Koreans, it's part of the rhetoric to thank the fatherly leader. For them to learn the death of a near God-like leader, it certainly has an emotional reaction." 
George Zimmerman, the neighborhood watch volunteer accused of wrongly killing Trayvon Martin, will not immediately have to turn over donations made to his website, a Florida judge said Friday.   Zimmerman collected about $204,000 in donations through the website, but did not disclose the contributions during his bond hearing last week, according to his attorney, Mark O'Mara. Prosecutors had asked for a bond of $1 million, but Judge Kenneth Lester Jr. made it $150,000 after Zimmerman's family testified they did not have the resources necessary to meet the higher level.   Assistant State Attorney Bernie de la Rionda on Friday asked Lester to increase the bond in light of the donations. But the judge said he would delay ruling on the request, in part because he does not know if he has authority to say how the money can be used.   Lester and O'Mara both said they are concerned about releasing the names of donors to Zimmerman, who has faced threats since the case began making national headlines in March.   Zimmerman, 28, was released Monday on $150,000 bail, 10% of which was put up to secure his release while he awaits trial on a second-degree murder charge in Martin's February 26 death.   About $5,000 from the website contribution was used in making bond, O'Mara said. The rest came from a loan secured by a family home.   Although Zimmerman spent some of the contributions on living expenses, about $150,000 remains, O'Mara said Friday. O'Mara said he has put the money into a trust he controls until a final decision is made about its use. 
The city's name was historically written as 那古野 or 名護屋 (both read as "Nagoya"). One possible origin is the adjective , meaning 'peaceful'.   The name Chūkyō (中京, consisting of "chū" (middle) + "kyō" (capital)) is also used to refer to Nagoya. Notable examples of the use of the name Chūkyō include the Chūkyō Industrial Area, Chūkyō Metropolitan Area, Chūkyō Television Broadcasting, Chukyo University and the Chukyo Racecourse.   Oda Nobunaga and his protégés Toyotomi Hideyoshi and Tokugawa Ieyasu were powerful warlords based in the Nagoya area who gradually succeeded in unifying Japan. In 1610, Tokugawa Ieyasu moved the capital of Owari Province from Kiyosu, about seven kilometers () away, to a more strategic location in present-day Nagoya.   During this period Nagoya Castle was constructed, built partly from materials taken from Kiyosu Castle. During the construction, the entire town around Kiyosu Castle, consisting of around 60,000 people, moved from Kiyosu to the newly planned town around Nagoya Castle. Around the same time, the nearby ancient Atsuta Shrine was designated as a , called Miya (the Shrine), on the important Tōkaidō road, which linked the two capitals of Kyoto and Edo (now Tokyo). A town developed around the temple to support travelers. The castle and shrine towns formed the city.
Recently,CCTV reporter have asked a simple question, "Are you happy?" The question has caught many interviewees off guard. Even Mo Yan, who recently won a Nobel Prize, answered by saying "I don't know." We should ask "What exactly is happiness? And how do you measure it?". Last year, China's Premier Wen Jiabao told the nation, "Everything we do is aimed at letting people live more happily." At last year's National People's Congress , officials agreed that increasing happiness would be a top target for the 12thfive-year plan. Many argue that happiness is _ . It also means different things to different people. For some, happiness can be as simple as having enough money to buy a new bicycle; for others, it's about socializing or finding the perfect spouse . Chen Shangyuan, 21, a college student, said his idea of happiness always evolves . "At present it relates to how productive I am in a day", he said. "It might be linked to job security or leisure time after I graduate."
Simply by analyzing a drop of blood, a doctor will be able to diagnose a birth defect or even cancer when it is in the early stage; using new technology, a material lighter but much stronger than steel can be produced.   These may sound like dreams at present. But the dreams may soon come true as research findings in laboratories are being turned into products more rapidly in the new century, according to experts participating in the fourth Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) Technomart, a technology exhibition and trade fair in Suzhou.   "Most people think nano-technology is too far-fetched to be real. But in fact nano-technology has been applied in a wide range of fields, such as medicine. It is coming into our daily life," said Cheng Jiachong from a Hong Kong-based nano-technology firm.   Nano-technology based on the nanometer, the unit of which is a billionth of a meter, enables scientists to have new concepts of disease diagnosis and treatment on a molecular and atomic scale, Cheng said.   By using nanometer particles, a doctor can separate the fetus cells from the blood of a pregnant woman to see if the development of the fetus is normal. This method is also being used in the early diagnosis of cancer and heart disease, he said.   One of the most significant impacts of nano-technology is at the bio-inorganic materials interface, according to Greg Tegart, executive advisor of the APEC Center for Technology Foresight.   "By combining enzymes and silicon chips we can produce biosensors. These could be implanted in humans or animals to monitor health and to deliver corrective doses of drugs," he told the participants a technology forum during the exhibition.   "Nano-technology could affect the production of nearly every man-made object, from automobiles, tires and computer circuits , to advanced medicines and tissue replacement, and lead to the invention of objects yet to be imagined," said David Minns, a special advisor to the National Research Council of Canada.   It has been shown that carbon nano-tubes are ten times as strong as steel, with one sixth of the weight, and nano-scale systems have the potential to make supersonic transport cost- effective and to increase computer efficiency by millions of times, he said.   The experts agreed that the APEC technology exhibition and trade fair provided many chances for exchanges of innovative ideas and products.
Emily and her boyfriend had just had a fight. She felt alone and hopeless. Then she went into the kitchen and grabbed what she needed before going back up to her room quietly. She switched on the TV and started eating...and eating...for hours, until it was all gone.   What Emily didn't know at the time was that she was suffering from an illness called binge-eating disorder(BED) .   For years, Emily didn't tell anyone what she was doing. She felt ashamed, alone, and out of control. Why don't famous people confess to BED, as they do to _ ? It's simple: There's a stigma involved. "Overeating is seen as very bad, but dieting to be skinny is seen as positive and even associated with determination," says Charles Sophy, a doctor in Beverly Hills , California.   "Some parents or friends may look at a teen with BED and think, 'Oh, a good diet and some will-power will do the trick.' But that's not true," says Dr.Ovidio Bermudez , a baby doctor at the Eating Recovery Center in Denver. "Eating disorders are real physical and mental health issues; it's not about willpower." The focus in treating BED shouldn't be on weight, because as with all eating disorders, the behaviors with food are a symptom of something deeper.   Like most other diseases, genetics may play a big part in who gets BED and who doesn't. If you have a close relative with an eating disorder, that means you're more likely to develop an eating disorder of your own.   Besides, many people with BED have tried at some point or another to control it by going on a diet, but paying more attention to food doesn't help. And it might even make things worse, like it did for Carla, who's 15 now and is recovering from BED. "My parents would always tease me about my weight, so when I was 14, I went on a very restrictive diet," she says. When you can't have something, you only want it more, so every time Carla would have a bite of something that wasn't allowed on her strict diet. She would quickly lose control and binge .
The deal struck at the weekend between Iran and world powers over its nuclear program is not just a triumph of Western diplomacy, but a step forward in the budding rapprochement between Iran and the U.S. that had been long in the making.   Every U.S. administration from Reagan to Obama has tried to reach out to Iran. Unfortunately, these efforts all failed because the circumstances for rapprochement were not quite right -- unlike today, where Iran's new president, Hassan Rouhani, has been determined to outflank his ideological opponents in Tehran and reach a deal with the West.   The Obama administration seems equally determined -- despite opposition from Saudi Arabia and Israel, as well as an obstructive Congress -- to welcome the Iranians back into the international community, so long as they agree to play by the rules.   This is Obama's "opening to China" moment and he must seize it.   Ever since Iranian students stormed the U.S. Embassy in Tehran on November 4, 1979 and initiated the 444-day Iran-hostage crisis, the United States and Iran have been regional arch-nemeses. Even so, in the thirty years since this traumatic event, there have been periodic efforts to improve relations.   The first episode occurred in 1985 when Israeli officials helped facilitate a back-channel approach to so-called Iranian "moderates", represented by Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani. This led to the infamous "Mission to Tehran", where senior U.S. officials traveled to Tehran to trade weapons and spare parts in exchange for the release of American hostages held in Lebanon. This mission failed spectacularly. Details were leaked to the press, leading to the Iran-Contra scandal, which nearly brought the Reagan administration down. 
The lawyer for the neighborhood watch leader who fatally shot unarmed 17-year-old Trayvon Martin in Sanford, Florida, said Thursday that his client has received about $200,000 from supporters.   Orlando lawyer Mark O'Mara told CNN's "AC360" that George Zimmerman told him Wednesday of the donations as they were trying to shut down his Internet presence to avoid concerns about possible impersonators and problems with his Twitter and Facebook accounts.   "He asked me what to do with his PayPal accounts and I asked him what he was talking about," O'Mara told Anderson Cooper. "And he said those were the accounts that had the money from the website he had. And there was about 200, $204,000 that had come in to date."   O'Mara had said earlier this month that he believed Zimmerman had no money. "I think he's indigent for costs," he said, adding that Zimmerman's relatives had few assets.   Zimmerman, 28, was released Monday on $150,000 bail, 10% of which his family put up to secure his release. He is accused of second-degree murder in the February 26 death of Martin, who was African-American. Critics have accused him of racially profiling Martin and unjustly killing him. He has said he shot in self-defense.   Asked whether knowledge of the money might have made a difference to Judge Kenneth Lester Jr., who presided at Zimmerman's bond hearing, O'Mara said, "It might have."   O'Mara continued, "I'm certainly going to disclose it to the court tomorrow -- coincidentally, we have a hearing."   He said he was prepared to "deal with any fallout," but predicted Lester would not feel misled. "I told him what I knew at the time, which was exactly what I was aware of." 
The crowd cheered and cheered. The man with the horn waved and smiled his great, happy smile."More! More!"cried the crowd. And Louis Satchmo Armstrong took his horn and began to play again. Here he was inprefix = st1 /England. Now a famous man, he was rich. He knew many important people. Wherever he went, people knew his name. They wanted to hear his music. As Louis played the sad, slow songs, he thought of his home inNew Orleans. He lived there as a boy. How many years ago it was? It was a busy, exciting city. But Louis' family was very poor. He went to work to help his mother. He also went to school. One of Louis' teachers asked him to be in the school band"This horn is yours until you leave our school,"his teacher said. Louis' music was jazz and he loved it. He remembered all the music he heard. He didn't learn to read music until he was a man.   When he left school, he played in many bands. He loved his work and people loved him. They knew he had a wonderful talent. Louis played on the boats that sailed up and down the river. He played in little towns and in big cities. Satchmo's horn had as many sounds as ten horns-sometimes slow and sweet; sometimes fast and hot, high and low. His music was always strong and exciting."He does make wonderful music,"said the man who listened happily."Yes,"said another man,"he makes that horn speak."Then the music jazz as I can play. I thought jazz was my music, but now I understand it is ours. Isn't it beautiful how music brings us together!"
The United States presidential election of 2012 was the 57th quadrennial American presidential election. It was held on Tuesday, November 6, 2012. The Democratic nominee, incumbent President Barack Obama, and his running mate, Vice President Joe Biden, were elected to a second term, defeating the Republican nominee, former Governor of Massachusetts Mitt Romney and his running mate, Representative and future House Speaker Paul Ryan of Wisconsin.   As the incumbent president, Obama secured the Democratic nomination with no serious opposition. The Republican Party was more fractured; Mitt Romney was consistently competitive in the polls, but faced challenges from a number of more conservative contenders whose popularity each fluctuated, often besting Romney's. Romney effectively secured the nomination by early May as the economy improved, albeit at a persistently laggard rate. The campaign was marked by a sharp rise in fundraising, including from new nominally independent Super PACs. The campaigns focused heavily on domestic issues: debate centered largely around sound responses to the Great Recession in terms of economic recovery and job creation. Other issues included long-term federal budget issues, the future of social insurance programs, and the Affordable Care Act. Foreign policy was also discussed including the phase-out of the Iraq War, the size of and spending on the military, preventing Iran from obtaining nuclear weapons, and appropriate counteractions to terrorism.
Galicia (English i/ɡəˈlɪsiə/, /ɡəˈlɪʃə/; Galician: [ɡaˈliθja] ( listen), [ħaˈliθja], or [ħaˈlisja]; Spanish: [ɡaˈliθja]; Galician and Portuguese: Galiza, [ɡaˈliθa] ( listen), [ħaˈliθa] or [ħaˈlisa]) is an autonomous community of Spain and historic nationality under Spanish law. Located in the North-West of the Iberian Peninsula, it comprises the provinces of A Coruña, Lugo, Ourense and Pontevedra, being bordered by Portugal to the south, the Spanish autonomous communities of Castile and León and Asturias to the east, and the Atlantic Ocean to the west and the north. It had a population of 2,765,940 in 2013 and has a total area of 29,574 km2 (11,419 sq mi). Galicia has over 1,660 km (1,030 mi) of coastline, including its offshore islands and islets, among them Cíes Islands, Ons, Sálvora, Cortegada, and—the largest and most populated—A Illa de Arousa.   The area now called Galicia was first inhabited by humans during the Middle Paleolithic period, and it takes its name from the Gallaeci, the Celtic peoples living north of the Douro river during the last millennium BC, in a region largely coincidental with that of the Iron Age local Castro culture. Galicia was incorporated into the Roman Empire at the end of the Cantabrian Wars in 19 BC, being turned into a Roman province in the 3rd century AD. In 410, the Germanic Suebi established a kingdom with its capital in Braga (Portugal) which was incorporated into that of the Visigoths in 585. In 711, the Arabs invaded the Iberian Peninsula, taking the Visigoth kingdom, but soon in 740 Galicia was incorporated into the Christian kingdom of Asturias. During the Middle Ages, the kingdom of Galicia was occasionally ruled by its own kings, but most of the time it was leagued to the kingdom of Leon and later to that of Castile, while maintaining its own legal and customary practices and personality. From the 13th century on, the kings of Castile, as kings of Galicia, appointed an Adiantado-mór, whose attributions passed to the Governor and Captain General of the Kingdom of Galiza from the last years of the 15th century. The Governor also presided the Real Audiencia do Reino de Galicia, a royal tribunal and government body. From the 16th century, the representation and voice of the kingdom was held by an assembly of deputies and representatives of the cities of the kingdom, the Cortes or Junta of the Kingdom of Galicia, an institution which was forcibly discontinued in 1833 when the kingdom was divided into four administrative provinces with no legal mutual links. During the 19th and 20th centuries, demand grew for self-government and for the recognition of the personality of Galicia, a demand which led to the frustrated Statute of Autonomy of 1936, and to the Statute of Autonomy of 1981, currently in force.
Phil Donahue has rarely shied away from controversy. On his long-running syndicated talk show, he debated issues including abortion and the death penalty, and his MSNBC show was canceled in 2003, he maintained, because of his antiwar stand.   Phil Donahue, right, made "Body of War" about disabled veteran Tomas Young, seated.   Now the former talk show host has co-directed and co-produced an independent film, "Body of War," about a disabled Iraq war veteran, Tomas Young, who questions the conflict's rationale.   Young joined the military after the September 11 attacks and was sent to Iraq. After less than a week there, he was shot in the spine, paralyzing him from the waist down. "Body of War" is the story of his coming home and adjusting to his new reality.   The film has earned excellent reviews and was named best documentary of 2007 by the National Board of Review. It airs on The Sundance Channel on Tuesday night. Watch Donahue talk about politics and war »   Donahue talked about "Body of War" and the recent presidential election on "American Morning" with CNN's Carol Costello.   CNN: What did you hope to prove by [making "Body of War"]?   Phil Donahue: Well, this work by ... Ellen Spiro and Phil Donahue is our attempt to show the harm in harm's way. In the middle of the most sanitized war of my lifetime, nobody sees this pain. These people are all below the radar. What you see in our film is a drama taking place behind the closed doors of thousands of homes in this country. I'm telling you, less than 5 percent of us have sacrificed, and the American people are not seeing this. I think this is a shame. 
Chloroplasts' main role is to conduct photosynthesis, where the photosynthetic pigment chlorophyll captures the energy from sunlight and converts it and stores it in the energy-storage molecules ATP and NADPH while freeing oxygen from water. They then use the ATP and NADPH to make organic molecules from carbon dioxide in a process known as the Calvin cycle. Chloroplasts carry out a number of other functions, including fatty acid synthesis, much amino acid synthesis, and the immune response in plants. The number of chloroplasts per cell varies from 1 in algae up to 100 in plants like Arabidopsis and wheat.   Chloroplasts are highly dynamic—they circulate and are moved around within plant cells, and occasionally pinch in two to reproduce. Their behavior is strongly influenced by environmental factors like light color and intensity. Chloroplasts, like mitochondria, contain their own DNA, which is thought to be inherited from their ancestor—a photosynthetic cyanobacterium that was engulfed by an early eukaryotic cell. Chloroplasts cannot be made by the plant cell and must be inherited by each daughter cell during cell division.
Parent fans, both dads and mums, are shaming British football with their bad behaviour. Hundreds of junior soccer matches had to be abandoned last season because parent fans were swearing or even fighting on the touchline. At schools and clubs across the UK, hundreds of more matches also had to be called off for the same reason.   Reports tell of abuse at referees , players and coaches and fight breaking out on the touchline.   Enough is enough Peter Wright, a keen referee of junior soccer, finally hung up his boots last season. He decided to walk away for good. He said "Every week I have had to take abuse and I've had enough of it."   "Parents' behaviour is reducing many school teachers, referees, coaches and volunteers to despair."   The kids are suffering Jim Peter, a referee, said, "We are getting desperate and the kids are suffering." He described the way spectators behave as   and getting worse year by year. The big question is why so many parents shame their children in this way. Aggressive Behavior Contracts may have to be introduced to stop the violence and abuse. If not, the game will suffer.   Sign up to good conduct Last season players and parents were made to sign a new good behavior contract. "If a parent breaks the contract, I take his or her child off the pitch and get him or her to explain why I have done so to the child," said Marc Nash, Wallsend's assistant leader.   "The next step is to ban both the parent and the child, but happily, so far this has not been necessary."
Park Ji-Sung will sign a new two-year contract with Manchester United, according to the English football champions' manager Alex Ferguson.   The midfielder, 30, has one year remaining on his current deal, but Ferguson is confident the former South Korea star will commit his future to the club he joined from Dutch outfit PSV Eindhoven in 2005.   "He's been offered a new contract, yes," Ferguson, 69, told the Old Trafford team's official web site.   "I'm sure he'll sign it. His career at United has been nothing but excellent. He's a tremendous professional. I'm sure he'll accept a new offer and tie himself to the club for the next two years."   Park, who is in the U.S. on United's preseason tour, scored in the Red Devils' first two matches against New England Revolution and Seattle Sounders respectively.   Since arriving in Manchester, Park has picked up four Premier League titles and helped United become champions of Europe in 2008.   He won 100 international caps for his country and became the first Asian player to score at three successive World Cups with a goal against Greece in June 2010.   Park, who began his career with Japanese club Kyoto Purple Sanga, announced his retirement from international football on January 31.   
Utility companies will return Sunday to restore power in parts of Rayne, Louisiana, after a tornado pummelled the region, killing at least one person.   A Louisiana mother who died sheltering her child during the tornado was identified early Sunday as Jalisa Granger, a sheriff's office official said.   The 21-year-old's body was found by "a family member who lived nearby" who went to check on her, said Maxine Trahan, a spokeswoman for the Acadia Parish Sheriff's Office in Rayne, Louisiana, adding that the "child was OK."   Granger was killed when a tree fell on her house in the storm.   Eleven people were injured, she said.   "There's a lot of damage out there," Trahan said. "Most residents were evacuated, leaving for other relatives' homes. About 20 (who were) evacuated didn't have somewhere to go, but were taken to the local fire department."   Utility companies will be returning to the area Sunday morning to help restore power, she said.   The storm that killed Granger was one of at least two twisters tied to a weather system that has caused major damage in the state and wreaked havoc on Mardi Gras festivities.   The National Weather Service confirmed that tornadoes hit the city of Rayne, about 80 miles west of Baton Rouge, and the nearby city of Crowley on Saturday morning.   Packing winds between 111 and 135 mph, the tornado was 300 yards wide and produced damage over a 5-mile stretch, according to the weather service.   The northwest section of Rayne was especially hard hit, with video from CNN affiliate KATC showing several buildings leveled, lots reduced to rubble and large trees knocked down. 
Claude Monet is surely one of the most famous French artists of all. Monet was particularly interested in the effect of light and would paint the same scene in different lighting conditions or times of the day. For example, he painted around 20 versions of the Rouen Cathedral from dawn to dusk. His most famous paintings include his Water lilies series. The paintings of Paul Cezanne had a lot of influence in the development of 20th century art, including Cubism and Fauvism . Cezanne is one of the most famous French artists and is known as a "post-impressionist", which was similar in some ways to impressionism but also broke away from some of its limitations. Famous French paintings include his Bathers and Mont St Victoire series. Henri Matisse was one of the most important famous French artists of the 20th century. He was considered one of the leaders of the Fauvist movement. He had a long and varied artistic career, painting in different styles ranging from Impressionism to Abstract. In 1941, Matisse was diagnosed with cancer and was forced into a wheelchair. But this didn't stop him completing the amazing Chapel of the Rosary in Vence. Degas is probably one of the most fascinating of all the famous French artists. He is known as one of the founders of Impressionism, but his paintings were also influenced by classicism, romanticism, and realism. His style is definitely very unique. He was a prolific artist, producing over one thousand works. He is best known for his paintings of ballet dancers.
Trinity College is a constituent college of the University of Cambridge in England. With around 600 undergraduates, 300 graduates, and over 180 fellows, it is the largest college in either of the Oxbridge universities by number of undergraduates. By combined student numbers, it is second to Homerton College, Cambridge.   Members of Trinity have won 32 Nobel Prizes out of the 91 won by members of Cambridge University, the highest number of any college. Five Fields Medals in mathematics were won by members of the college (of the six awarded to members of British universities) and one Abel Prize was won.   Trinity alumni include six British prime ministers (all Tory or Whig/Liberal), physicists Isaac Newton, James Clerk Maxwell, Ernest Rutherford and Niels Bohr, mathematician Srinivasa Ramanujan, the poet Lord Byron, philosophers Ludwig Wittgenstein and Bertrand Russell (whom it expelled before reaccepting), and Soviet spies Kim Philby, Guy Burgess and Anthony Blunt.   Two members of the British royal family have studied at Trinity and been awarded degrees as a result: Prince William of Gloucester and Edinburgh, who gained an MA in 1790, and Prince Charles, who was awarded a lower second class BA in 1970. Other royal family members have studied there without obtaining degrees, including King Edward VII, King George VI, and Prince Henry, Duke of Gloucester.
Kyrgyzstan (, "Qırğızstan", قىرعىزستان, (); , "Kirgizija"), officially the Kyrgyz Republic (, "Qırğız Respublikası", قىرعىز رەسپۇبلىکاسى; "Kyrgyzskaja Respublika"), formerly known as Kirghizia or Kirgizia, is a country in Central Asia. Kyrgyzstan is a landlocked country with mountainous terrain. It is bordered by Kazakhstan to the north, Uzbekistan to the west and southwest, Tajikistan to the southwest and China to the east. Its capital and largest city is Bishkek.   Kyrgyzstan's recorded history spans over 2,000 years, encompassing a variety of cultures and empires. Although geographically isolated by its highly mountainous terrain, which has helped preserve its ancient culture, Kyrgyzstan has been at the crossroads of several great civilizations as part of the Silk Road and other commercial and cultural routes. Though long inhabited by a succession of independent tribes and clans, Kyrgyzstan has periodically fallen under foreign domination and attained sovereignty as a nation-state only after the breakup of the Soviet Union in 1991.   Since independence, Kyrgyzstan has officially been a unitary parliamentary republic, although it continues to endure ethnic conflicts, revolts, economic troubles, transitional governments and political conflict. Kyrgyzstan is a member of the Commonwealth of Independent States, the Eurasian Economic Union, the Collective Security Treaty Organization, the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation, the Organisation of Islamic Cooperation, the Turkic Council, the TÜRKSOY community and the United Nations.
Danny lived for football. He played it, watched it, talked and dreamed about it. His favourite football star was Keith Connolly - Lowgate's captain. One day in January, after school, Danny hurried through his homework. He wanted to watch TV. Keith Connolly was doing an interview on the local news programme. Danny hoped that the television wouldn't go fuzzy*or lose the sound when Keith Connolly was talking. It was an old set, and it did things like that. It wasn't clear enough, but at last Keith Connolly's smiling face appeared on the screen. "What I really like about playing for Lowgate," he said, "is the fans. They're the best. They always support us. It's wonderful running on to the playground to all that cheering and chanting." Danny wished he could be in that crowd at the Lowgate ground, but the price of a single ticket was far above anything he could afford. There was no chance of the whole family going, or even just Danny and his little brother. "You won again on Saturday," said the reporter. "Did the team go out to celebrate?" "We went for a meal together," said Keith Connolly, "but I have to be careful about what I eat, because I want to stay fit. I love doughnuts* very much ..." Then the sound went fuzzy, and Danny jumped up and _ the top of the set heavily to make it come on again. He hadn't missed much. But he had missed something important. Keith Connolly had been saying "... but I'm not allowed to eat doughnuts." Danny hadn't heard that. All he heard was that Keith Connolly loved doughnuts. And at the end of Danny's street was a bakery*. It sold the biggest and the best doughnuts! When Danny went to bed, he lay wide-awake, making a plan.
Arthur Robert Ashe Jr. was the first African-American player to take part in the international sport of tennis at the highest level of the game. He was born on July 10, 1943. When Arthur was 6, his mother died. Arthur, with his father and his brother, lived near a large park in Richmond, Virginia. His father was the manager of the park. He took care of the park and made sure everything was right. Arthur was allowed to play in the park when he was seven years old. He was quite energetic. A swimming pool, tennis courts, and baseball diamonds were in the park. Arthur spent a lot of time playing there. He did well in sports, but he had never tried to play tennis. He often watched the tennis players. Sometimes there were tennis lessons, and Arthur would watch even more carefully. The young man teaching the lessons noticed Arthur. His name was Ronald Charity. Mr. Charity asked Arthur if he wanted to learn to play tennis. Arthur was excited and agreed. Arthur learned very quickly. Mr. Charity found Arthur would grow up to be a good tennis player. By the time he was ten, Arthur won atournament . Many older and bigger players came to the park trying to win the prize, but Arthur beat them. He became known as "the kid who could play tennis". Arthur grew up to be one of the first successful African-American tennis players. He played and won all over the world.
Fernando Torres rediscovered his scoring touch as Spain soared to the top of Euro 2012 Group C and knocked the Republic of Ireland out of the tournament.   The much-maligned striker, who spurned several chances in Spain's opening game against Italy, scored twice as the defending champions cruised to a 4-0 win in Gdansk.   Strikes from David Silva and Cesc Fabregas helped to see off Giovanni Trapattoni's Ireland, who become the first team eliminated from Euro 2012.   In Thursday's other game in Group C, Croatia fought back to hold Italy to a 1-1 draw.   The Italians dominated the first half and evergreen playmaker Andrea Pirlo put his side in front with an exquisite free-kick.   But in-form striker Mario Mandzukic, who scored twice in Croatia's first match, brought his tournament tally to three with an emphatic finish to earn a point.   Spain 4-0 Ireland   Fernando Torres bagged a much-needed double as Spain thrashed the Republic of Ireland and cemented their status as Euro 2012 favorites.   After being frustrated by Italy in their opening game, Vicente Del Bosque's world champions looked close to their best in a display that dazzled the Irish.   Giovanni Trapattoni's side struggled to create a meaningful chance in the whole match and they limp out of the tournament following two defeats.   Spain outclassed their opponents from the first whistle and led after four minutes when Torres skipped away from Richard Dunne's challenge and blasted high into the net.   Goalkeeper Shay Given kept his side in it until halftime, making several saves as the Spanish controlled possession and created chances at will. 
Linda and Betty were both twenty years old. They studied in the same medical college. In June, after a school year was over, they decided to take a vacation in the country. They went to several towns and villages, and visited some places of interest, saw and heard a lot of interesting things. They enjoyed themselves very much. One afternoon, they were going to stay overnight in a small town. It was too hot to go further and they wished they could find a river and swim in the cool water. They were driving the car slowly while they were looking around. Suddenly Linda saw a lake not far away. They drove there fast and stopped the car by the lake. They looked around and found a man was sitting on a stone and fishing there. When they took their clothes and were going to jump into the water, the man came up to them and shouted," Sorry, Madams' swimming is not allowed in the lake!" "Why didn't you tell us about it before we took off our clothes?" Betty said angrily. "But it isn't to take off clothes by the lake," said the man.
Wi-Fi or WiFi () is a technology for wireless local area networking with devices based on the IEEE 802.11 standards. "Wi-Fi" is a trademark of the Wi-Fi Alliance, which restricts the use of the term "Wi-Fi Certified" to products that successfully complete interoperability certification testing.   Devices that can use Wi-Fi technology include personal computers, video-game consoles, phones and tablets, digital cameras, smart TVs, digital audio players and modern printers. Wi-Fi compatible devices can connect to the Internet via a WLAN and a wireless access point. Such an access point (or hotspot) has a range of about indoors and a greater range outdoors. Hotspot coverage can be as small as a single room with walls that block radio waves, or as large as many square kilometres achieved by using multiple overlapping access points.   Wi-Fi most commonly uses the UHF and SHF ISM radio bands. Having no physical connections, it is more vulnerable to attack than wired connections, such as twisted pair.   In 1971, ALOHAnet connected the Hawaiian Islands with a UHF wireless packet network. ALOHAnet and the ALOHA protocol were early forerunners to Ethernet, and later the IEEE 802.11 protocols, respectively.   A 1985 ruling by the U.S. Federal Communications Commission released the ISM band for unlicensed use. These frequency bands are the same ones used by equipment such as microwave ovens and are subject to interference.
Punjab (Urdu, Punjabi: پنجاب, panj-āb, "five waters": listen (help·info)), also spelled Panjab, is the most populous of the four provinces of Pakistan. It has an area of 205,344 square kilometres (79,284 square miles) and a population of 91.379.615 in 2011, approximately 56% of the country's total population. Its provincial capital and largest city is Lahore. Punjab is bordered by the Indian states of Jammu and Kashmir to the northeast and Punjab and Rajasthan to the east. In Pakistan it is bordered by Sindh to the south, Balochistān and Khyber Pakhtunkhwa to the west, and Islamabad and Azad Kashmir to the north.   Punjab's geography mostly consists of the alluvial plain of the Indus River and its four major tributaries in Pakistan, the Jhelum, Chenab, Ravi, and Sutlej rivers. There are several mountainous regions, including the Sulaiman Mountains in the southwest part of the province, and Margalla Hills, Salt Range, and Pothohar Plateau in the north. Agriculture is the chief source of income and employment in Punjab; wheat and cotton are the principal crops. Since independence, Punjab has become the seat of political and economic power; it remains the most industrialised province of Pakistan. It counts for 39.2% of large scale manufacturing and 70% of small scale manufacturing in the country. Its capital Lahore is a major regional cultural, historical, and economic centre.
The suspect in the killing of Yale pharmacology graduate student Annie Le appeared in court in New Haven, Connecticut, Tuesday, but did not enter a plea, his attorney told CNN.   Raymond J. Clark III appears in court Tuesday in New Haven, Connecticut, where he is charged with murder.   Raymond Clark III, 24, a lab technician at Yale, is charged with murder in Le's death. Tuesday's scheduled hearing was continued until October 20.   It is standard procedure for defendants in murder cases not to enter a plea until a later stage in the case, public defender Beth Merkin told CNN. Clark eventually will plead not guilty, she said.   Clark, of Branford, Connecticut, is being held in lieu of $3 million bail.   The body of Le, 24, was found inside a wall of a Yale lab building on September 12 -- the day she was to be married. She had been strangled, the Connecticut medical examiner's office determined.   Clark is not a Yale student, but has worked as a lab technician at the university since 2004. He lived with his girlfriend, who also is a Yale lab technician, according to New Haven police. Follow a timeline of the case »   A Yale faculty member described Clark's job as maintaining colonies for animals used in research. The lab is in the basement of the building where Le's body was found.   A motive in Le's killing was unclear, but police said they were treating the case as workplace violence.   Yale has announced a memorial service for Le on October 12. The university is also establishing a scholarship in her memory. 
Princeton University Press is an independent publisher with close connections to Princeton University. Its mission is to disseminate scholarship within academia and society at large.   The press was founded by Whitney Darrow, with the financial support of Charles Scribner, as a printing press to serve the Princeton community in 1905. Its distinctive building was constructed in 1911 on William Street in Princeton. Its first book was a new 1912 edition of John Witherspoon's "Lectures on Moral Philosophy."   Princeton University Press was founded in 1905 by a recent Princeton graduate, Whitney Darrow, with financial support from another Princetonian, Charles Scribner II. Darrow and Scribner purchased the equipment and assumed the operations of two already existing local publishers, that of the "Princeton Alumni Weekly" and the Princeton Press. The new press printed both local newspapers, university documents, "The Daily Princetonian", and later added book publishing to its activities. Beginning as a small, for-profit printer, Princeton University Press was reincorporated as a nonprofit in 1910. Since 1911, the press has been headquartered in a purpose-built gothic-style building designed by Ernest Flagg. The design of press’s building, which was named the Scribner Building in 1965, was inspired by the Plantin-Moretus Museum, a printing museum in Antwerp, Belgium. Princeton University Press established a European office, in Woodstock, England, north of Oxford, in 1999, and opened an additional office, in Beijing, in early 2017. Six books from Princeton University Press have won Pulitzer Prizes:
Briana, a student at John Fenwick School in Salem County, US, has a lot of free time. The 13-year-old girl used to hang out on the streets after school. "I know it wasn't good, but I really had nothing else to do," Briana said.   Briana was not alone. Many kids in her city had too much free time and nothing to do. To solve this problem, four school districts in Salem began a program called Big Brothers/Big Sisters. The program helps students make good use of their after-school time. Big Brothers/Big Sisters invites _ to help students in grades 6 to 8 build healthy relationships and take part in productive activities.   The "Littles" and the "Bigs" are nicknames for students and mentors. Most mentors are teachers. The "Bigs" and "Littles" usually meet once a week. They play games, share stories and go on trips.   The program has already helped many Salem students.   Briana's mentor is the school principal , Syeda Woods. Woods took Briana ice-skating, to pizza parties and for a visit to Longwood Gardens in Pennsylvania. "When I got out, I saw that Salem is a very small place," Briana said. "The program helps me experience the outside world and see many new things."   Kathy Jennings, 13, said she was very shy before, but now is much more open.   "In the program, I see my mentor as a big sister, not a teacher. I can tell her anything," Jennings said. "And she has taught me a lot about making good decisions. I think it will make a big difference in my life."
A recent Treasury Department report of misconduct by a banking regulator is giving watchdogs some ammunition to argue that financial regulators are too cozy with the banks they are tasked with overseeing.   The report, part of a small batch just released by the department's inspector-general, says that a government employee in Florida who served as a bank examiner accepted "gratuities (golf fees and/or food) on at least four occasions" from a bank he was reviewing. The report, conducted in 2010, called the situation a "conflict of interest" for the employee, who worked at the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency.   "You have a government employee, during a time when he has a special responsibility to oversee this bank, actually taking time from work and going to play golf with these folks," said Michael Smallberg, a researcher with the Project on Government Oversight. "It was a pretty striking example of a government employee actually cozying up to the folks he's supposed to be regulating."   But Inspector-General Eric Thorson, who polices the Treasury Department and released the files, defended the agency.   "These investigative reports are good examples of the fact that the department has been successful in demonstrating that there is little toleration for individual misconduct."   "My opinion is that Treasury has an institutional highly ethical culture," he added.   But Smallberg is still critical. "When folks wonder why regulators didn't do a better job of stopping the financial crisis, or they're wondering why OCC didn't spot the huge trading loss at JP Morgan earlier this year, I think part of the issue is just that the examiners were just too close to the folks they were supposed to be examining," he said. 
A new camera made by a company named Netatmo has facial recognition software that can tell parents at work that their children have returned from school, or that a package has been taken to their home. It can also tell them if a stranger has entered their home. Janina Mattausch is a product marketing manager for Netatmo. "The common security cameras at present are not that smart. So, they can tell you if something is moving but they don't necessarily know if it's a human being or, ah, if it's your kids --they don't know the difference, so they will warn you all the time. " When family members enter a home, the new camera "recognizes" ( ) them and sends information to the owner's smartphone. The owner can choose to see the video then or latcr. But if an unknown person enters a home, the camera will send the owner a warning that will cause an alarm to sound on the owner's smartphone. That is what happened recently to a smart home camera owncr named Darrmen. He lives in Paris. "On a Friday I was at work,atending a big monthly meeting when my phone warned. At first I told myself 'Oh, it must be a mistake, maybe I have to set the systcm again. ' -but the notice on my phone was telling me that there was a movement in my flat and also a face that the software did not recognize. " He watched the video and was very surprised by what he saw. "I saw a person I did not know with his shoes on. I was watching it live on vidco. So I felt totaly unbelievable, frozen. I asked a workmate to take me back home as fast as possible and I callcd the police on the way. " With the help of the video, the police found the intruder later that day.
Carol and Susan are very good friends. They are in the same class at school and they often go to each other's home on Sunday. Now they are both eight yeas old. Carol's mother has got a new baby. Carol is very glad to have a little sister, so she is always talking about her to Susan. At first Susan is very interested in the new baby because she does not have any brothers or sisters. But after some time she begins to get tired of Carol's keeping on talking about it. She also feels a little jealous of her friend. One morning when the two girls meet at the school gate, Carol says to Susan cheerfully , "Do you know, Susan, my baby sister has put on about half a pound in weight this week?" "That is not very much," answers Carol. "I know a baby that puts on ten pounds a day." "Oh, that can't be true!" answers Carol. "Whose baby is it?" "An elephant's," says Susan.
How much sleep do we need? We are all different. Some people need only three hours of sleep a night. Others need ten hours of sleep a night. Most Americans sleep an average of seven to eight hours a night. After the age of fifty the average sleep time goes down to 6.5 hours a night. Most people have a bad night when they can not sleep. About one in three Americans has a problem with sleep. Many of these people can not fall sleep. This problem is called insomnia. This is not a new problem. Many famous people in history had insomnia. Some of these people had special ideas to another to make them sleep. Benjaming Franklin, the famous stateman and inventor ,had four beds. He moved from one to another to fall asleep. King Lousis XIV of France had 13 beds and hoped that he could fall asleep in one of them. Mark Twain, the famous American writer, had a different way. He lay on his side on the end of the bed!
The Goldman Environmental Foundation recently recognized a group of individuals for their efforts to protect the environment. Each year, the American-based group honors environmental activists from six different areas.   The first three winners of the 2012 Goldman Prize are from Kenya, the Philippines and China.   The Goldman Environmental Foundation says Ikal Angelei is a hero to those who live around Lake Turkana. The Kenyan woman received the award because of her efforts to stop a dam project on a river in Ethiopia. Critics say the dam will harm the lake and restrict the flow of water for people who live nearby.   The Philippine island of Mindoro is home to those who depend on the area's natural resources for food and jobs. Edwin Gariguez became concerned when a European company announced plans to mine for nickel on the island. The Roman Catholic minister said waste materials from the mining project would pollute the water and destroy the forests. So he started a campaign to stop the project.   In China, Ma June is working with businesses to clean up their pollution. He formed a group that collects information about pollution, and publishes it on the Internet.   The Goldman Prize was also awarded to activists from Argentina, Russia and the United States.   Sofia Gatica of Argentina is from a town where farmers commonly use pesticide products to protect soybean crops from insects. The town also has a high rate of cancer. Miz Gatica believed that pesticide use was responsible for the death of her baby. She worked with other mothers to get government officials to ban the use of chemicals near populated areas.   Evgenia Chirikova objects to the plans to build a road through a protected forest just outside Moscow. She has demanded that Russian officials redirect the road away from the forest. She and her followers have been arrested for their activities. However, their campaign has gained widespread public support.   The sixth winner is American Caroline Cannon -- a community leader in Point Hope, Alaska. Miz Cannon is fighting to keep Arctic waters safe from oil and gas exploration.
John was a very naughty boy. He liked playing tricks on people. Sometimes he would call Mrs. Walker at the hat store and roar at her on the phone. Sometimes he would leave his wet blanket on the sidewalk so that it would squish under people's feet when they walked past. Sometimes he would moo at his sister, June, to annoy her. One time he even painted his friend Jack's bedroom purple without asking.   This upset Jack very much. Jack did not want his bedroom to be purple. Jack liked his bedroom blue and white, like his favorite sport's team. Whenever Jack was sad his dog, Scamp, was also sad. John's naughty actions really hurt Jack's feelings so he tried to hide from John. John found Jack anyway.   "Why are you hiding from me?" asked John.   "You were naughty. You painted my bedroom without asking. You even made Scamp sad and now his tail won't wag."   John felt very bad about hurting his friend's feelings. He wanted to make his friend happy again. The problem was he was out of paint. John thought long and hard. He had an idea! He ran to his house and grabbed his favorite toy, his yellow dinosaur. He handed it to Jack. "I'm sorry about your room. I won't do anything like that again. I can't fix it right now, but you can have my dinosaur until I fix your room."   Jack accepted John's apology and both boys were happy. Scamp could wag his tail again.
The British Academy of Film and Television Arts (BAFTA) is an independent charity that supports, develops and promotes the art forms of the moving image – film, television and game in the United Kingdom. In addition to its annual awards ceremonies, BAFTA has an international, year-round programme of learning events and initiatives offering access to talent through workshops, masterclasses, scholarships, lectures and mentoring schemes in the UK and the USA.   BAFTA started out as the British Film Academy, was founded in 1947 by a group of directors David Lean, Alexander Korda, Roger Manvell, Laurence Olivier, Emeric Pressburger, Michael Powell, Michael Balcon, Carol Reed, and other major figures of the British film industry.   David Lean was the founding chairman of the academy. The first Film Awards ceremony took place in May 1949 and honouring the films "The Best Years of Our Lives", "Odd Man Out" and "The World Is Rich".   The Guild of Television Producers and Directors was set up in 1953 with the first awards ceremony in October 1954, and in 1958 merged with the British Film Academy to form the Society of Film and Television Arts, whose inaugural meeting was held at Buckingham Palace and presided over by HRH The Duke of Edinburgh.
When Chuck and Elicia James ventured to their local animal shelter to adopt a dog, they expected to meet a new member of their family. Instead they found themselves reunited with their long lost canine.   The James' had not seen Reckless, a brown and white terrier-pitbull mix, since he went missing over a year and a half ago during Superstorm Sandy. They had lost their beloved pup after the fence in their Keansburg, New Jersey, home was mangled during the storm, Chuck James told CNN on Friday.   While the family never stopped looking for Reckless, for their 10-year-old daughter's birthday they decided it was time to move on and adopt a new dog at the Monmouth County SPCA.   To their surprise, the first dog they were introduced to was one named Lucas, who had a striking resemblance to their former pup.   "He jumped 3 feet in the air," James said. "He immediately recognized us. And then the tears came -- there wasn't a dry eye in the place."   The James' confirmed it was their dog based on an uncanny scar on the top of his head.   "After Sandy, we had so many animals being turned in," said Jerry Rosenthal, president and CEO of the animal shelter. Rosenthal told CNN that 3-year-old Reckless ended up at the shelter last November after an employee found him on the streets.   Rosenthal believes Reckless was taken in by another family for a period of time before he once again got loose.   Rosenthal said the James' story really emphasizes the importance of getting your pet microchipped. Microchipping is a process in which an animal is implanted with a rice-sized chip that is used to identify him or her. 
Minsk, is the capital and largest city of Belarus, on the Svislach and the Nyamiha Rivers. As the national capital, Minsk has a special administrative status in Belarus and is the administrative centre of Minsk Region (voblast) and Minsk raion (district). In 2013, it had a population of 2,002,600. Minsk is the administrative capital of the Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS) and seat of the Executive Secretary.   The earliest historical references to Minsk date to the 11th century (1067), when it was noted as a provincial city within the Principality of Polotsk. The settlement developed on the rivers. In 1242, Minsk became part of the Grand Duchy of Lithuania. It received town privileges in 1499.   From 1569, it was a capital of the Minsk Voivodeship, in the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth. It was part of a region annexed by the Russian Empire in 1793, as a consequence of the Second Partition of Poland. From 1919 to 1991, after the Russian Revolution, Minsk was the capital of the Byelorussian Soviet Socialist Republic in the Soviet Union. Minsk will host the 2019 European Games.   Minsk is located on the southeastern slope of the Minsk Hills, a region of rolling hills running from the southwest (upper reaches of the river Nioman) to the northeast – that is, to Lukomskaye Lake in northwestern Belarus. The average altitude above sea level is . The physical geography of Minsk was shaped over the two most recent ice ages. The Svislach River, which flows across the city from the northwest to the southeast, is in the "urstromtal", an ancient river valley formed by water flowing from melting ice sheets at the end of the last Ice Age. There are six smaller rivers within the city limits, all part of the Black Sea basin.
Ted Brown's dream as a child was an unusual one: he wanted to fly. What was more unusual was the way in which he made his dream come true. After high school, he wanted to join the U. S. Air Force but he failed because of his poor eyesight. However, his dream remained. At the age of 33, Ted was a truck driver in Los Angeles. One day, while sitting outside in his garden, he watched planes fly overhead and an idea came to him: to use balloons to fly. A few weeks later, Ted bought 42 huge balloons. He tied them to a chair and then he sat down in the chair with some beer, sandwiches and a gun. His plan was to fly to 10 meters above his garden, enjoy a few hours in the air, and then shoot some balloons with his gun to get back down. But things did not go as he planned. Once his friends cut the ropes under Ted's chair, the 42 balloons flew into the sky at an astonishing speed until about 4000 meters above the ground with Ted and his chair. He didn't shoot any of the balloons because he was afraid he might break the balanee of his "plane". Ted stayed in the sky with his beer and sandwiches for 14 hours, cold and frightened. Planes heading towards Los Angeles' busy international airport reported the strange sight. And Ted' s balloons caused great danger to them. At last, Ted gathered his courage to shoot a few balloons and slowly landed on the ground, where many policemen were waiting for him. Ted made his dream come true, but it cost him: he was fined $ 1,500 for breaking the law about air safety. When asked by a reporter why he had done it, Ted answered, "A man can't just sit around and do nothing; he should have his dream and go for it. "
The Silurian is a geologic period and system spanning 24.6 million years from the end of the Ordovician Period, at million years ago (Mya), to the beginning of the Devonian Period, Mya. As with other geologic periods, the rock beds that define the period's start and end are well identified, but the exact dates are uncertain by several million years. The base of the Silurian is set at a major Ordovician–Silurian extinction events when 60% of marine species were wiped out.   A significant evolutionary milestone during the Silurian was the diversification of jawed and bony fish. Multi-cellular life also began to appear on land in the form of small, bryophyte-like and vascular plants that grew beside lakes, streams, and coastlines, and terrestrial arthropods are also first found on land during the Silurian. However, terrestrial life would not greatly diversify and affect the landscape until the Devonian.   The Silurian system was first identified by British geologist Roderick Murchison, who was examining fossil-bearing sedimentary rock strata in south Wales in the early 1830s. He named the sequences for a Celtic tribe of Wales, the Silures, inspired by his friend Adam Sedgwick, who had named the period of his study the Cambrian, from the Latin name for Wales. This naming does not indicate any correlation between the occurrence of the Silurian rocks and the land inhabited by the Silures. In 1835 the two men presented a joint paper, under the title "On the Silurian and Cambrian Systems, Exhibiting the Order in which the Older Sedimentary Strata Succeed each other in England and Wales," which was the germ of the modern geological time scale. As it was first identified, the "Silurian" series when traced farther afield quickly came to overlap Sedgwick's "Cambrian" sequence, however, provoking furious disagreements that ended the friendship. Charles Lapworth resolved the conflict by defining a new Ordovician system including the contested beds. An early alternative name for the Silurian was ""Gotlandian"" after the strata of the Baltic island of Gotland.
Burke was born in Dublin, Ireland. His mother Mary née Nagle (c. 1702 – 1770) was a Roman Catholic who hailed from a déclassé County Cork family (and a cousin of Nano Nagle), whereas his father, a successful solicitor, Richard (died 1761), was a member of the Church of Ireland; it remains unclear whether this is the same Richard Burke who converted from Catholicism. The Burke dynasty descends from an Anglo-Norman knight surnamed de Burgh (latinised as de Burgo) who arrived in Ireland in 1185 following Henry II of England's 1171 invasion of Ireland.   In 1744, Burke started at Trinity College Dublin, a Protestant establishment, which up until 1793, did not permit Catholics to take degrees. In 1747, he set up a debating society, "Edmund Burke's Club", which, in 1770, merged with TCD's Historical Club to form the College Historical Society; it is the oldest undergraduate society in the world. The minutes of the meetings of Burke's Club remain in the collection of the Historical Society. Burke graduated from Trinity in 1748. Burke's father wanted him to read Law, and with this in mind he went to London in 1750, where he entered the Middle Temple, before soon giving up legal study to travel in Continental Europe. After eschewing the Law, he pursued a livelihood through writing.
The Independent State of Samoa ( Samoan: Malo Sa 'oloto Tuto 'atasi o Sāmoa, IPA: [ˌsaːˈmoa]), commonly known as Samoa (Samoan: Sāmoa) and formerly known as Western Samoa, is a Unitary Parliamentary Republic with eleven administrative divisions. The two main islands are Savai'i and Upolu with four smaller islands surrounding the landmasses. The capital city is Apia. The Lapita people discovered and settled the Samoan islands around 3,500 years ago. They developed a unique language and cultural identity.   The origins of the Samoans are closely studied in modern research about Polynesia in various scientific disciplines such as genetics, linguistics and anthropology. Scientific research is ongoing, although a number of different theories exist; including one proposing that the Samoans originated from Austronesian predecessors during the terminal eastward Lapita expansion period from Southeast Asia and Melanesia between 2,500 and 1,500 BCE. The Samoan origins are currently being reassessed due to new scientific evidence and carbon dating findings from 2003 and onwards.
When Paul was a boy growing up in Utah, he happened to live near a copper smelter ,and the chemicals that poured out had made a wasteland out of what used to be a beautiful forest. One day a young visitor looked at this wasteland and called it an awful area. Paul knocked him down. From then on, something happened inside him.   Years later Paul was back in the area, and he went to the smelter office. He asked if they had any plans or if they would let him try to bring the trees back. The answer from that big industry was "No".   Paul then went to college to study the science of plants. Unfortunately, his teachers said there weren't any birds or squirrels to spread the seeds. It would be a waste of his life to try to do it. Everyone knew that, he was told. Even if he was knowledgeable as he had expected, he wouldn't get his idea accepted.   Paul later got married and had some kids. But his dream would not die. And then one night he did what he could with what he had. As Samuel Johnson wrote, "It is common to overlook what is near by keeping the eye fixed on something remote. Attainable good is often ignored by minds busied in wide ranges." Under the cover of darkness, he went secretly into the wasteland and started planting.   And every week, he made his secret journey into the wasteland and planted trees and grass. For fifteen years he did this against _ . Slowly rabbits appeared. Later, as there was legal pressure to clean up the environment, the company actually hired Paul to do what he was already doing.   Now the place is fourteen thousand acres of trees and grass and bushes, and Paul has received almost every environmental award Utah has. It took him until his hair turned white, but he managed to keep that impossible vow he made to himself as a child.
When Daniel woke up yesterday morning, he found he was a bit late for school, so he started running to catch the bus. Moments later, he saw a dog, but not its lead. He tripped over the lead and fell down. He jumped up quickly, went on running and got on the bus. After a while an old coach broke down in the middle of the road, and the driver couldn't move it. It was eight o'clock, the middle of the rush hour, so it soon created a terrible traffic jam. The bus driver tried to go round the coach. Unfortunately a taxi was coming in the opposite direction. The driver tried to stop the taxi, but he couldn't prevent the accident-- the taxi crashed into the front of the bus! Luckily nobody was hurt. When Daniel finally got to school out of breath, the Science lesson had been on for five minutes. Daniel said sorry to the teacher and sat at his desk. He reached out for his school bag-- no, it was nowhere to be found. "Where is my school bag?" Daniel was puzzled. Suddenly he realized that he had left it on the bus. Bad luck!
Christopher Columbus ( ; 20 May 1506) was an Italian explorer, navigator, and colonizer. Born in the Republic of Genoa, under the auspices of the Catholic Monarchs of Spain he completed four voyages across the Atlantic Ocean. Those voyages and his efforts to establish settlements on the island of Hispaniola initiated the permanent European colonization of the New World.   At a time when European kingdoms were beginning to establish new trade routes and colonies, motivated by imperialism and economic competition, Columbus proposed to reach the East Indies (South and Southeast Asia) by sailing westward. This eventually received the support of the Spanish Crown, which saw a chance to enter the spice trade with Asia through this new route. During his first voyage in 1492, he reached the New World instead of arriving in Japan as he had intended, landing on an island in the Bahamas archipelago that he named San Salvador. Over the course of three more voyages, he visited the Greater and Lesser Antilles, as well as the Caribbean coast of Venezuela and Central America, claiming all of it for the Crown of Castile.   Columbus was not the first European explorer to reach the Americas, having been preceded by the Viking expedition led by Leif Erikson in the 11th century, but his voyages led to the first lasting European contact with the Americas, inaugurating a period of exploration, conquest, and colonization that lasted several centuries. These voyages thus had an enormous effect on the historical development of the modern Western world. He spearheaded the transatlantic slave trade and has been accused by several historians of initiating the genocide of the Hispaniola natives. Columbus himself saw his accomplishments primarily in the light of spreading the Christian religion.
Yerevan (, ; , sometimes spelled Erevan) is the capital and largest city of Armenia as well as one of the world's oldest continuously inhabited cities. Situated along the Hrazdan River, Yerevan is the administrative, cultural, and industrial center of the country. It has been the capital since 1918, the thirteenth in the history of Armenia, and the seventh located in or around the Ararat plain.   The history of Yerevan dates back to the 8th century BC, with the founding of the fortress of Erebuni in 782 BC by king Argishti I at the western extreme of the Ararat plain. Erebuni was "designed as a great administrative and religious centre, a fully royal capital." By the late ancient Armenian Kingdom, new capital cities were established and Yerevan declined in importance. Under Iranian and Russian rule, it was the center of the Erivan Khanate from 1736 to 1828 and the Erivan Governorate from 1850 to 1917, respectively. After World War I, Yerevan became the capital of the First Republic of Armenia as thousands of survivors of the Armenian Genocide in the Ottoman Empire arrived in the area. The city expanded rapidly during the 20th century as Armenia became part of the Soviet Union. In a few decades, Yerevan was transformed from a provincial town within the Russian Empire to Armenia's principal cultural, artistic, and industrial center, as well as becoming the seat of national government.
Serena Williams will return to competitive tennis after nearly a year on the sidelines in the WTA tournament at Eastbourne, which starts Saturday.   The former world number one has endured a torrid time since being sidelined with a foot injury after winning her fourth Wimbledon crown last July.   Several aborted attempts at a comeback were followed by a major health scare in February as she suffered a blood clot on her lung.   It led to speculation that her glittering career could be over, but Williams has recovered to take her place as a wild card in the grass court event at the south coast of England resort.   "I am so excited to be healthy enough to compete again," she told the tournament's official website.   "These past twelve months have been extremely tough and character building. I have so much to be grateful for. I'm thankful to my family, friends, and fans for all of their support. Serena's back!"   Serena will be joined in the traditional pre-Wimbledon warm-up tournament by her older sister Venus, who is also returning to action after an extended injury layoff.   Venus has been sidelined since injuring her hip at the Australian Open in January.   They will take their place in a top-class line-up which has 13 of the top 20 players in the WTA world rankings, including new French Open champion Li Na of China.   13-time grand slam champion Serena returned to practice in April, but decided against returning for the second grand slam season of the season in Paris. 
Tom arrived at the bus station quite early for Paris bus. The bus for Paris would not leave until five to twelve. He saw a lot of people waiting in the station. Some were standing in line , others were walking around. There was a group of schoolgirls. Their teacher was trying to keep them in line. Tom looked around but there was no place for him to sit. He walked into the station cafe . he looked up at the clock there. It was only twenty to twelve. He found a seat and sat down before a large mirror on the wall. Just then, Mike, one of Tom's workmates came in and sat with Tom. "What time is your bus?" asked Mike. "There's plenty of time yet," answered Tom. "Well, I'll get you some more tea then," said Mike. They talked while drinking. Then Tom looked at the clock again. "Oh! It's going backward !" he cried. "A few minutes ago it was twenty to twelve and now it's half past eleven." "You're looking at the clock in the mirror." said Mike. Tom was so sad . The next bus was not to leave for another hour. Since then Tom has never liked mirrors. ,.
Lviv (, ; , ; German "Lemberg"; ; ; see also other names) is the largest city in western Ukraine and the seventh-largest city in the country overall, with a population of around 728,350 as of 2016. Lviv is one of the main cultural centres of Ukraine.   Named in honor of the Leo, the eldest son of Rus' King Daniel of Galicia, it was the capital of the Kingdom of Galicia–Volhynia (also called Kingdom of Rus') from 1272 to 1349, when it was conquered by King Casimir III the Great who then became known as the King of Poland and Rus'. From 1434, it was the regional capital of the Ruthenian Voivodeship in the Kingdom of Poland. In 1772, after the First partition of Poland, the city became the capital of the Habsburg Kingdom of Galicia and Lodomeria. In 1918, for a short time, it was the capital of the West Ukrainian People's Republic. Between the wars, the city was known again as Lwów and was the centre of the Lwów Voivodeship in the Second Polish Republic. After World War II, it became part of the Soviet Union (by Stalin Djugashvili gift to Ukrainian SSR) with Ukrainian Peoples coming back to their Homeland and in 1991 of independent Ukraine. Administratively, Lviv serves as the administrative center of Lviv Oblast and has the status of city of oblast significance.
Palermo (Italian: [paˈlɛrmo] ( listen), Sicilian: Palermu, Latin: Panormus, from Greek: Πάνορμος, Panormos, Arabic: بَلَرْم‎, Balarm; Phoenician: זִיז, Ziz) is a city in Insular Italy, the capital of both the autonomous region of Sicily and the Province of Palermo. The city is noted for its history, culture, architecture and gastronomy, playing an important role throughout much of its existence; it is over 2,700 years old. Palermo is located in the northwest of the island of Sicily, right by the Gulf of Palermo in the Tyrrhenian Sea.   The city was founded in 734 BC by the Phoenicians as Ziz ('flower'). Palermo then became a possession of Carthage, before becoming part of the Roman Republic, the Roman Empire and eventually part of the Byzantine Empire, for over a thousand years. The Greeks named the city Panormus meaning 'complete port'. From 831 to 1072 the city was under Arab rule during the Emirate of Sicily when the city first became a capital. The Arabs shifted the Greek name into Balarm, the root for Palermo's present-day name. Following the Norman reconquest, Palermo became the capital of a new kingdom (from 1130 to 1816), the Kingdom of Sicily and the capital of the Holy Roman Empire under Frederick II Holy Roman Emperor and Conrad IV of Germany, King of the Romans. Eventually Sicily would be united with the Kingdom of Naples to form the Kingdom of the Two Sicilies until the Italian unification of 1860.
It was three o'clock. A man was walking down a high street in the north of England. He was wearing a dark suit and carrying a suitcase. His name was Terry and he and he had lived away from home for twenty years. In fact he was in prison , Terry was feeling totally depressed because everything in his hometown had changed. The park where he used to play was now a car park. The house where he was born had dis appeared and in its place, ironically , was a bank. Terry wanted to have a cup of coffee in the old small restaurant where he used to go with his friend after school, but it had become a fast food restaurant. He entered it, sat down, and asked for a cup of coffee. Then he felt sadder when he thought of what he had seen. While paying for the coffee he found an old ticket in his wallet. It was for a pair of shoes he had taken to be repaired the day before the bank robbery 20 years ago. The shoe repairer was an old man then, so Terry was sure that he must be dead. But when he turned the cor ner of the steet, he couldn't believe his eyes. The shop was still there! And it was the same shoe repairer! He looked about a hundred years old. Terry was so happy! Terry told him that he had lived in Australia for the past twenty years and that he forgot to pick up the shoes before he left England. The shoe repairer disappeared into the back of the shop. After ten minutes he came back. "Were they dark brown, Italian shoes, size 42?"he asked slowly. "Yes!nsaid Terry, excitedly. "I haven't repaired them,"the shoe repairer said slowly. "You can take them tomorrow afternoon. "
During his college years, Rogers spent his summer holidays at an Idaho logging camp . When Roy, the manager, had to leave for a few days, he put Rogers in charge. "What if the workers refuse to follow my orders?" Rogers asked. He thought of Tony, a worker who was always giving the other men a hard time. "Fire them," Roy said. Then, as if reading Rogers' mind, he added, "I suppose you want to fire Tony if you get the chance. I'd feel bad about that. Tony is the most reliable worker I've ever had. I know he complains a lot, but he comes first and leaves last. There has not been an accident on the hill where he works for eight years."   Rogers took over the manager's job the next day. He went to Tony and spoke to him, "Tony, did you know that I'm in charge today?" Tony didn't show any respect or interest. "I was going to fire you because you once gave me a hard time, but I want you to know I'm not," he told Tony, adding what Roy had said. When Rogers finished, tears streamed down Tony's face. That day Tony worked harder than ever before --and he smiled for the first time! Rogers went back to school after that summer.   Twelve years later he met Tony again. He was in charge of one of the largest logging companies in the West. Rogers asked him how he managed to become so successful. Tony replied, "If it were not for that time you spoke to me back in Idaho, I would not be myself today. That one minute changed my whole life."   Have you got one minute to appreciate someone? It can make a difference for a lifetime.
A suicide bomber targeted a funeral in northwest Pakistan on Sunday, killing at least 14 people and wounding 37 others, officials said.   The blast took place just outside Peshawar, the capital of the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province, said city police official Kalam Khan.   While no one immediately claimed responsibility for the attack, authorities believe the target may have been members of the Awami National Party.   Khushdil Khan, a party member who is the deputy speaker of the provincial assembly, had gone to the funeral for a local woman. But he left before the suicide bomber walked up to mourners and blew himself up as they were leaving, police said   The Awami National Party, which is part of the governing coalition led by Prime Minister Yousaf Raza Gilani's Pakistan Peoples Party, is often targeted by the Taliban.   In February, an explosion outside a political rally in northwest Pakistan killed five people and wounded 10, officials said.   The Tehrik-e-Taliban, or Pakistani Taliban, claimed responsibility for the blast.   "We carried out the attack," said Asim Mehsud, the Taliban spokesman for Pakistan's South Waziristan region. "We will also target upcoming rallies of the Awami National Party, as it is a secular party. We will also target any other rallies conducted by secular political parties in the future."   In November, party member Hanif Jadoon and his bodyguard were killed in a suicide attack.   Jadoon had just finished morning prayers on the Islamic holiday of Eid al-Adha when a bomber approached his car and detonated his explosives.   The attack took place in the Swabi district of the province, about 80 kilometers (50 miles) west of Islamabad. 
In this dark and dismal year for college sports, when each scandal seems worse than the next, inspiration arrives in a motorized wheelchair.   In a month when Penn State is dealing with child sex abuse charges against former assistant coach Jerry Sandusky, the fallout bringing down longtime head coach Joe Paterno and the university president, a reason to still believe in what's good about college football will never play another down again.   His name is Eric LeGrand, and you'll find him Saturday on the field at Rutgers Stadium in New Jersey. He will be honored at the team's annual Senior Day before a game against Cincinnati, and the expected crowd of more than 50,000 will no doubt save the loudest cheers for him.   On October 16, 2010, he collided with Army kick returner Malcolm Brown while making a tackle. The collision left him paralyzed from the neck down, and when he awoke in the hospital, he was connected to a respirator that doctors said he would need for the rest of his life.   "I could barely turn my head," LeGrand said. "They had to roll me to change my position. It felt like I was going to die. That's what it felt like."   But now, 13 months later, he can move his head and shoulders when he talks, his long braids moving as he does. He has attacked therapy the way he once went after weight-lifting records in the gym, and believes it is only a matter of time before he is walking back on the field at Rutgers. 
"Ceci, wake up. It's an earthquake!" That's what Cecilia Wallace heard her mother shouting on the early morning of February 27th.   Cecilia is a 7th-grader. She, her parents and her brother, Sam, were in Chile's capital city, Santiago, the day a big earthquake hit Chile. And like just about everyone else, they were shaken out of their sleep.   "It was so frightening," Sam wrote. "The shaking was so huge that I will never go on a ride again." Cecilia and Sam wrote about their earthquake experiences. Their reports were later posted on the website.   Cecilia, Sam and their parents were staying in an apartment on the 15th floor of a building. They were lucky. Their building stayed standing, because it was built to withstand earthquakes.   Not everyone was as lucky as the Wallace family. More than 800 people died. Many older buildings fell down during the earthquake.   The damage in Santiago wasn't as bad as in other parts of Chile. So the supermarkets were open for business on the morning of the quake. But it wasn't business as usual. "The supermarkets have been crazy with people rushing to buy their food for the next while," Sam wrote.   Not everyone was able to get money to buy food that morning. So Cecilia and Sam made food bags to _ to people who were begging outside the supermarket. "We gave some to a kid of my age. I made sure he got cookies and bread." Sam and Cecilia's mother wrote that the kids also collected money for the Red Cross.   It's certainly an experience Cecilia, Sam and their parents will never forget. Thankfully, they lived to tell their stories.
"We're here! Oh, my God. Alina, you look so chic! Turn around!" -- the seal of approval from fashion's newest darling.   He's Patrick Pope, a Los Angeles-based Web producer who moonlights as P'Trique, the star of the viral videos, "S**t Fashion Girls Say." Since they debuted in February, the videos have had a combined 3 million views. P'Trique has come to New York Fashion Week, at CNN's invitation, to spend the day with me at the Tents. "Can I just tell you something," he says, "I am CHO-tally into you right now." Giggle.   In the nearly nine years I've been covering fashion for CNN, I have never seen anything like this.   We don't even make it across the plaza at Lincoln Center before we are mobbed by fashionistas, street style bloggers and the merely curious, angling to get a photo with fashion's latest celebrity. Once we're inside, it instantly becomes clear that P'Trique has a fan club in the land of the double kiss: Fern Mallis, Carlos Souza, Ken Downing -- big names in fashion, bowing to the man in the pink vintage dress. "You look so chic," says Fe Fendi. Derek Blasberg, editor-at-large at Harper's Bazaar, even had a cameo in "S**t Fashion Girls Say at New York Fashion Week." He says, "What I love about him is that he's the full package. He looks ridiculous. He says ridiculous things. The response has been ridiculous."   But looking good takes time. "How long does it take to get ready?" He answers, "Most of the time about two hours... and a team of about four." 
Pascal is an imperative and procedural programming language, which Niklaus Wirth designed in 1968–69 and published in 1970, as a small, efficient language intended to encourage good programming practices using structured programming and data structuring.   A derivative known as Object Pascal designed for object-oriented programming was developed in 1985, later developed into Delphi.   Pascal, named in honor of the French mathematician, philosopher and physicist Blaise Pascal, was developed by Niklaus Wirth.   Before his work on Pascal, Wirth had developed Euler and ALGOL W and later went on to develop the Pascal-like languages Modula-2 and Oberon.   Initially, Pascal was largely, but not exclusively, intended to teach students structured programming. A generation of students used Pascal as an introductory language in undergraduate courses. Variants of Pascal have also frequently been used for everything from research projects to PC games and embedded systems. Newer Pascal compilers exist which are widely used.   Pascal was the primary high-level language used for development in the Apple Lisa, and in the early years of the Macintosh. Parts of the original Macintosh operating system were hand-translated into Motorola 68000 assembly language from the Pascal sources. The typesetting system TeX by Donald E. Knuth was written in WEB, the original literate programming system, based on DEC PDP-10 Pascal, while applications like Total Commander, Skype and Macromedia Captivate were written in Delphi (Object Pascal). Apollo Computer used Pascal as the systems programming language for its operating systems beginning in 1980.
About 400 high school students from Western Pennsylvania and the neighboring state of Ohio joined a heated discussion recently on "China: What Does the Future Hold?" "It's either going to turn out really good or really bad - who knows?" said Braveen Ragunathan, a senior from an Ohio high school. In his mind all Americans are connected to China in some way. The forum was held in Pittsburgh, once a US industrial center, now facing job-cuts because of competition brought about by globalization. The aim of the forum is to help American students learn more about the outside world. Elliott Blackwell, a junior at the Neighborhood Academy, said the forum let him know more about how China's economic development will affect America in the future. Some students, although impressed by China's economic boom, expressed uneasiness about the nation's practices and differences from the American way of doing business and politics. "China is a power coming up,so they might challenge us," Paul Amon, a junior from Oil City High School, said. "I'd hope that China can be our partner but I think that we'd clash along the way because we're too different," he added. George Riley, a teacher explained: "The view of China is usually negative and I think that's fueled by the media." However, some negative feelings are not from the media. Merri Ebel is a senior at East Allegheny High School north of Pittsburgh. Both her parents lost their jobs recently. The company they worked for said it was cheaper to produce goods in China rather than the US. "China is just this big question mark. China was just a big country with millions of people that no one really knew about because it was so far away and our class was more American history based," she said. For better or worse US teenagers are eager to know more about China, the forum shows.
The (BnF; ) is the National Library of France, located in Paris. It is the national repository of all that is published in France.   The National Library of France traces its origin to the royal library founded at the Louvre Palace by Charles V in 1368. Charles had received a collection of manuscripts from his predecessor, John II, and transferred them to the Louvre from the Palais de la Cité. The first librarian of record was Claude Mallet, the king's valet de chambre, who made a sort of catalogue, "Inventoire des Livres du Roy nostre Seigneur estans au Chastel du Louvre". Jean Blanchet made another list in 1380 and Jean de Bégue one in 1411 and another in 1424. Charles V was a patron of learning and encouraged the making and collection of books. It is known that he employed Nicholas Oresme, Raoul de Presle and others to transcribe ancient texts. At the death of Charles VI, this first collection was unilaterally bought by the English regent of France, the Duke of Bedford, who transferred it to England in 1424. It was apparently dispersed at his death in 1435.   Charles VII did little to repair the loss of these books, but the invention of printing resulted in the starting of another collection in the Louvre inherited by Louis XI in 1461. Charles VIII seized a part of the collection of the kings of Aragon. Louis XII, who had inherited the library at Blois, incorporated the latter into the "Bibliothèque du Roi" and further enriched it with the Gruthuyse collection and with plunder from Milan. Francis I transferred the collection in 1534 to Fontainebleau and merged it with his private library. During his reign, fine bindings became the craze and many of the books added by him and Henry II are masterpieces of the binder's art.
Who touched the hearts of Chinese people in the past year? Luo Yang, 51, the father of China's carrier jet, who devoted his whole life to the aircraft industry, is no doubt one such person. Luo was the head of production for the new J-15 fighter. On November 25, he was joining in fighter jet landing exercises for the Liaoning as usual. Shortly after the successful landing of the J-15, Luo experienced a sudden heart attack. He was soon sent to the hospital but the doctors couldn't save his life. Luo was given an award for his special contribution to the country by China Central Television on February 19. As general manager of the Shenyang Aircraft Corp, Luo didn't use his power to improve the quality of his life. He gave up the chance to move into a new apartment. His suit was ten years old and his watch strap was faded .All he focused on was the aircraft industry. Luo seldom had the time for a good chat with his wife and daughter. He always started work at 6 am and returned home around midnight when they were sleeping. When devoted to his work, Luo always forgot about everything else. His final days were all spent on the J-15. At one point, he felt unwell, but he didn't leave the carrier or see a doctor. "I spent eight days on the carrier with Luo. He worked all day and night under huge pressure," recalled Meng Jun, one of his colleagues . Luo's death is a big _ to the country. His example, however, has inspired many people. "It's a pity Luo Yang died when the aircraft carrier achieved success. It's good to see more young people are entering this career now," said Yang Yu, a commentator for China Central Television.
The 1984 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the XXIII Olympiad, was an international multi-sport event held in Los Angeles, California, United States in 1984. When Tehran, the only other interested city on the international level, declined to bid due to the concurrent Iranian political and social changes, the IOC awarded Los Angeles the Games by default. This was the second occasion Los Angeles hosted the games, the first being in 1932.   In response to the American-led boycott of the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow, 14 Eastern Bloc countries, including the Soviet Union, Cuba and East Germany, boycotted the Games; only Romania elected to attend. For differing reasons, Iran and Libya also boycotted. Although a boycott led by the Soviet Union depleted the field in certain sports, 140 National Olympic Committees took part, which was a record at the time. The USSR announced its intention not to participate on May 8, 1984, citing security concerns and "chauvinistic sentiments and an anti-Soviet hysteria being whipped up in the United States." Boycotting countries organized another large event in June–September 1984, called the Friendship Games; some participating countries from the Olympics sent reserve teams to the Friendship Games, which mostly avoided overlap with the Olympic Games' schedule (the exception was the Equestrian Show Jumping event in Sopot, Poland). Representatives of the organizing countries, the Soviets in particular, underlined it was "not held to replace the Olympics". Elite athletes from the U.S. and USSR would not directly compete again until the 1986 Goodwill Games in Moscow, organized in response to the boycotts.
As the players run on to the court, the excitement begins to build in the arena full of fiercely loyal basketball fans. It's a small arena with capacity for only 1,200 people, not counting standing-room-only tickets. As the members of the team are introduced, fans jump up to cheer them on, clapping and chanting, full of team spirit. "I've been yelling my heart out!" says a fan who arrived early for the game.   The team is "The Miners" and on a recent night it was playing at home in Cananea, a town of 33,000 in northwestern Mexico, known for its large deposits of copper and other metals. One of the largest mining companies in Mexico operates in the town about 35 miles south of the Arizona border.   It's an unlikely place for foreigners, but not when it comes to sports. Davin White, 29, is an American immigrant in Cananea and a star forward for the Miners. White attended California State University in Northridge and has also played in Serbia, Italy and Qatar. But Cananea is much closer to his native Phoenix. "The town is very small, but the people are very energetic when it comes to basketball," says White.   He doesn't speak Spanish, but that doesn't seem to be a problem on the court. Teammate Brandon Brown, another immigrant athlete, says he has learned a few words. "I don't think you want to hear what I've learned in Spanish," Brown says with a smile. The 25-year-old from New Orleans, who attended the University of California at San Bernardino, says he has fallen in love with Mexican food, especially carne asada, or Mexican-style grilled steak. 
GUESS what's making 9 millionprefix = st1 /USteenagers scream at the top of their voices this summer? It's not the Hulk or Iron man hitting someone across a room, but the catchy beat of the music in Disney's latest TV movie Camp Rock, which came out in theUSon June 20. The show attracted more than 8.9 million viewers.   So how does CampRockattract so many viewers? One reason is that it features the hugely popular boy band the Jonas Brothers, whom all the girls seem to _   But what's the story?   Connect Three is a rock group. One member, Shane Gray (Joe Jonas)needs to get rid of his bad boy rocker image, so he's sent by fellow band members Nate (Nick Jonas)and Jason (Kevin Jonas) to a music camp as a guest instructor . The idea is the camp will help him clean up his act.   There he meets Mitchie Torres (Demi Lovato), a teenage girl with an extraordinary voice and a driving ambition to be a pop singer. However, she can only afford to be at the expensive camp by helping her mom work in the mess hall between classes.   When Shane overhears Mitchie singing from behind closed doors, he sets out to find the girl with the beautiful voice.   One group of teenagers was really eager to watch the movie. The kids took their positions on the floor to countdown to show time. One of them, Leah Karrels, 16, even sang the movie's theme , We Rock. She explained that she's seen the trailer so many times she knows the words by heart.   The girls cheered when the movie began, and for the next two hours the only time they got up was to run for chocolate ice cream cake from the freezer.   "I'm sure this is going to knock High School Musical off the shelves in stores. This is the next big thing," said Leah.
Jerusalem is a city in the Middle East, located on a plateau in the Judaean Mountains between the Mediterranean and the Dead Sea.   Israelis and Palestinians both claim Jerusalem as their capital, as the State of Israel maintains its primary governmental institutions there while the State of Palestine ultimately foresees the city as its seat of power; however, neither claim is widely recognized internationally.   One of the oldest cities in the world, Jerusalem was named as ""Urusalima"" on ancient Mesopotamian cuneiform tablets, probably meaning "City of Shalem" after a Canaanite deity, during the early Canaanite period (approximately 2400 BCE). During the Israelite period, significant construction activity in Jerusalem began in the 9th century BCE (Iron Age II), and in the 8th century the city developed into the religious and administrative center of the Kingdom of Judah. It is considered a holy city in the three major Abrahamic religions of Judaism, Christianity and Islam.   During its long history, Jerusalem has been destroyed at least twice, besieged 23 times, attacked 52 times, and captured and recaptured 44 times. The part of Jerusalem called the City of David was settled in the 4th millennium BCE. In 1538, walls were built around Jerusalem under Suleiman the Magnificent. Today those walls define the Old City, which has been traditionally divided into four quarters—known since the early 19th century as the Armenian, Christian, Jewish, and Muslim Quarters. The Old City became a World Heritage Site in 1981, and is on the List of World Heritage in Danger. Modern Jerusalem has grown far beyond the Old City's boundaries.
The Hellenistic period covers the period of ancient Greek (Hellenic) history and Mediterranean history between the death of Alexander the Great in 323 BC and the emergence of the Roman Empire as signified by the Battle of Actium in 31 BC and the subsequent conquest of Ptolemaic Egypt the following year. At this time, Greek cultural influence and power was at its peak in Europe, Africa and Asia, experiencing prosperity and progress in the arts, exploration, literature, theatre, architecture, music, mathematics, philosophy, and science. For example, competitive public games took place, ideas in biology, and popular entertainment in theaters. It is often considered a period of transition, sometimes even of decadence or degeneration, compared to the enlightenment of the Greek Classical era. The Hellenistic period saw the rise of New Comedy, Alexandrian poetry, the Septuagint and the philosophies of Stoicism and Epicureanism. Greek Science was advanced by the works of the mathematician Euclid and the polymath Archimedes. The religious sphere expanded to include new gods such as the Greco-Egyptian Serapis, eastern deities such as Attis and Cybele and the Greek adoption of Buddhism.
Harry is a boy with a learning disability. On his fourth birthday, he was given a pug called Millie. Two weeks after the dog's arrival, he was happier and calmer and said his first words, "dog" and "mummy". Just two months later, thieves stole the dog, and now the heartbroken little boy is back to where he started. He has refused to talk since losing his best friend. His mother was worried and gave him another dog, but he just "pushed it away". Mrs Hainsworth, his mother, says, "My son is very sad. He'll go over to her cage and just beat on the bars. There is no word coming out, but you just know he's screaming 'Where is Millie' inside. Millie was really his best friend. They would play together happily for hours. None of his toys has ever held his attention that long. Now he has just completely turned quiet again. "Harry suffers from a condition which affects his ability to speak and move. But the dog's being with him achieved more in days than months of speech therapy and physiotherapy had. Mrs Hainsworth says, "My son was so happy when he saw Millie. Being with Millie changed him, and within two weeks he had said his first words and was working on saying 'dad'. Just last week, his teachers and I were saying how much Millie had helped him. And now this!" Mrs Hainsworth is considering buying another pug in the hope that her son will accept it. Maureen Hennis of the charity, Pets as Therapy, says she has seen many cases of dogs helping people with speech problems. "People may talk to a dog when they wouldn't like to talk to another human," she says. "A dog doesn't care if words come out wrong."
"I don't know the ins and outs of his politics (but) for his procession to become President I was in America and his speeches were spine tingling. Barack Obama can talk, and coming after Bush it was something to behold. In my humble opinion, if he loses the next election to the other bunch then, good Lord, I will run myself."   So says Noel Gallagher, former creative force of British band Oasis and one of rock 'n' roll's biggest mouths. Singer-songwriter, brother to Liam and now a U.S. presidential candidate: 2012 promises to be quite a year for the 45-year-old whose song-writing talent has taken him from unemployment in a city called Manchester in northern England to sell-out stadium tours around the world, playing to millions.   By September, Gallagher will have completed the tour of his first solo album since the demise of Oasis in 2009; an expedition entailing 81 shows across Europe, the Pacific (Japan and Australia) and America as well as being a voyage into the unknown for the forthright backing-singer-now-frontman.   It was initially intended as a small affair, but such has been the demand for the new record -- "Noel Gallagher's High Flying Birds" topped the charts in the UK in October 2011-- theaters have rapidly been upgraded to arenas to cope with demand. A move that surprised the man himself and maybe explains the overriding mood of calm satisfaction the guitarist exudes from beneath a leather jacket as he sits down with a coffee to talk to CNN. 
The Kelvin scale is an absolute thermodynamic temperature scale using as its null point absolute zero, the temperature at which all thermal motion ceases in the classical description of thermodynamics. The kelvin (symbol: K) is the base unit of temperature in the International System of Units (SI). The kelvin is defined as the fraction of the thermodynamic temperature of the triple point of water (exactly 0.01 °C or 32.018 °F). In other words, it is defined such that the triple point of water is exactly 273.16 K.   The Kelvin scale is named after the Belfast-born, Glasgow University engineer and physicist William Thomson, 1st Baron Kelvin (1824–1907), who wrote of the need for an "absolute thermometric scale". Unlike the degree Fahrenheit and degree Celsius, the kelvin is not referred to or typeset as a degree. The kelvin is the primary unit of temperature measurement in the physical sciences, but is often used in conjunction with the degree Celsius, which has the same magnitude. The definition implies that absolute zero (0 K) is equivalent to .   In 1848, William Thomson, who later was made Lord Kelvin, wrote in his paper, "On an Absolute Thermometric Scale", of the need for a scale whereby "infinite cold" (absolute zero) was the scale's null point, and which used the degree Celsius for its unit increment. Kelvin calculated that absolute zero was equivalent to −273 °C on the air thermometers of the time. This absolute scale is known today as the Kelvin thermodynamic temperature scale. Kelvin's value of "−273" was the negative reciprocal of 0.00366—the accepted expansion coefficient of gas per degree Celsius relative to the ice point, giving a remarkable consistency to the currently accepted value.
When I was in primary school, sometimes I would meet a girl of the same age as me. Lisa was never active, but she was always very sweet and nice. In the 5th grade she came to my class.   She was absent a lot , and one day I had the courage to ask why. She told me she was sick, and she explained she wore a wig because her medicine made her lose her hair. We left it at that. Anytime Lisa came to class--seldom--I would hang around with her on the playground.   I received much ridicule from my friends for this because they thought I was ignoring them for Lisa. My family education taught me to be nice, and I felt Lisa's needs were much more important than others I knew.   It had been months since Lisa was in our class, and one day our teacher was crying. She explained Lisa died the day before and would no longer be our classmate. She told us Lisa had fought a battle with cancer for years.   I was shocked. Lisa never spoke of her illness as if it could kill her. Well, all these years I have kept Lisa in my mind and heart. When I go through the important events in my life, I think of Lisa.   I've had a strong wish recently to find her mother and father. I'd like to tell them that though they never met me, their daughter had a sweet effect on my life. I have no idea what her parents' first names are. I write to your column and hope you can point me in the right direction.   Lisa was such a lovely girl. Maybe her parents would be comforted by the fact that after all these years they are not the only ones who remember her.
Award-winning pianist Roger Williams, who played before nine U.S. presidents and recorded dozens of albums over his long career, died early Saturday in Los Angeles after a struggle with pancreatic cancer, his assistant said. He was 87.   Jacque Heebner, Williams' personal assistant who said she had known the musician for 77 years, said she was with him inside his home when he died. Even into his final weeks, Williams continued to perform and to champion such causes as music education. He had recently released an album and was under contract for three more, she said.   "There was never a man with a more tender, gentle heart," Heebner said. "He was a charming man, even at the age of 87."   Born Louis Weertz in Omaha, Nebraska, the pianist attended Drake University and the Juilliard School in New York City. He then met Dave Kapp, the founder of Kapp Records, who suggested the musician change his name to Roger Williams, according to a biography on the Hit Parade Hall of Fame website.   His break came in 1955 with his recording of "Autumn Leaves," going on to have hits on the Billboard charts for four decades, according to his official website. His records include "Born Free" and themes from the movies "Doctor Zhivago" and "Somewhere in Time."   Williams' success helped land him a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame, a 2011 induction into the Hit Parade Hall of Fame and many other honors. He was also a workhorse performer, including long stints headlining shows in Las Vegas in which he played his characteristic blend of originals, classics and works from greats like Duke Ellington and more contemporary composers. 
Anita Davenport's curiosity about her family's past began with the photographs that surrounded her. She said she wanted to know the stories behind the images of her parents and uncles.   Anita Davenport's grandfather, Walter, was stationed in Battle Creek, Michigan, during World War I.   The stories she found -- and shared during several phone conversations from her home in Culver City, California -- parallel the African-American journey during the past century.   The search took her to 1894, when her grandfather, Walter, was born in Stone Mountain, Georgia.   Walter Davenport moved to Wedowee, Alabama. During World War I, Davenport was stationed at Fort Custer in Battle Creek, Michigan, Anita said.   Thousands of other African-Americans were also on the move, mainly to the Northeast and the Midwest, eager for opportunities related to the war and industrialization, according to Howard Dodson, a historian and the director of the Schomburg Center for Research in Black Culture.   Walter Davenport later returned to Alabama, married and had nine children, one of whom was Anita's father, Frank.   Walter was fond of Battle Creek and regaled his family with stories, Anita said. The stories must have been convincing. The eldest of his nine children, also named Walter, moved north to Battle Creek in 1951.   Frank Davenport, Anita's father, later joined his older brother in Michigan. Anita was born in Battle Creek.   Between 1940 and 1970, more than 5 million African-Americans left the South, migrating to cities like Boston, Massachusetts; Philadelphia, Pennsylvania; Chicago, Illinois; Detroit, Michigan, and New York. 
The bologna sandwich is a sandwich common in the United States and Canada. Also known as a baloney sandwich, it is traditionally made from pre-sliced bologna sausage between slices of white bread, along with various condiments, such as mayonnaise, mustard, and ketchup. Many variations exist, including frying the meat first and adding various garnishes such as cheese slices, pickles, tomatoes, and onions. It is a popular choice: Oscar Mayer reports 2.19 billion sandwiches are made with its brand of bologna per year.   The bologna sandwich tends to be high in saturated fat (more so if cheese is added) and is high in sodium.   The bologna sandwich, fried or unfried, has been elevated to a regional specialty in the Midwest, Appalachia, and the South. It is the sandwich served at lunch counters of small, family-run markets that surround the Great Smoky Mountains, and fried bologna sandwiches can be found on restaurant menus in many places in the South. The fried version is likewise sometimes sold at concession stands in stadiums, like those of the Cincinnati Reds. In Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, it is called a "jumbo sammich". In East Tennessee, the sandwich is referred to in local slang as a "Lonsdale Ham" sandwich, after the less-affluent neighborhood of Lonsdale, in Knoxville, TN.
As World Cup openers go, this was about as bad as it gets for Portugal.   Thumped 4-0 by Germany, one key defender sent off, another possibly out of the tournament with injury and its World Player of the Year looking decidedly unfit.   Real Madrid star Cristiano Ronaldo wasn't lacking in effort but was as powerless as those around him to prevent Portugal being steamrollered by Der Mannschaft in Salvador.   It started badly for Paulo Bento's men and got steadily worse as Germany maintained its record of scoring at least four goals in every opening World Cup match since 2002.   Latest World Cup scores   They were 1-0 down after 10 minutes when Joao Pereira was adjudged to have hauled down Mario Gotze. Fellow Bayern Munich star Thomas Muller confidently slotted home the penalty.   It was 2-0 when Mats Hummels thumped a header into the net from Toni Kroos' corner.   Just five minutes later, Real Madrid defender Pepe tangled with Muller, who sank theatrically to the turf claiming a hand to the face.   Pepe then stood over his opponent and pushed his head towards Muller's, the referee producing a straight red card.   Muller then struck just before the interval to put the game well beyond Portugal, pouncing on a loose ball inside the area to fire past Rui Patricio.   Portugal made a change at the break, as Ricardo Costa replaced Miguel Veloso, but it made little difference as Germany continued to press home their advantage.   Mesut Ozil, who plays for Arsenal, should have found the net when played through on goal but he hit his shot straight at Patricio. 
Within hours of becoming a national hero, a viral video star and the top topic on Twitter, Charles Ramsey talked about having trouble getting sleep.   It wasn't because of all the excitement that followed his knocking down a Cleveland neighbor's door, freeing three women and a girl who police say were held hostage for years.   Instead, Ramsey told CNN's Anderson Cooper on Tuesday, it was about knowing he had lived for a year near the captive women on the city's West Side.   "Up until yesterday the only thing that kept me from losing sleep was the lack of money," the restaurant dishwasher said on "Anderson Cooper 360."   "I could have done this last year, not this hero stuff," said Ramsey. "Just do the right thing."   Ramsey recounted Monday night's drama, when he heard a girl scream "like a car had hit a kid."   He ran from his living room, clutching a half-eaten McDonald's Big Mac, to the house and helped free a woman identified as Amanda Berry.   "Amanda said, 'I've been trapped in here. He won't let me out. It's me and my baby."   Who are the three women freed in Cleveland?   Ramsey and a man named Angel Cordero broke down the door, CNN affiliate WEWS reported in an earlier interview heard around the world.   Ramsey told CNN he had never seen Berry before Monday, and at first, he could not place the name.   "Berry didn't register with me until I was on the phone, like wait a minute, I thought this girl was dead." 
For Leo Klink, the night was the payoff, the pinnacle, what you work most of your life for. It was the Hawaii state high school soccer championship, and Klink, a senior on the underdog Kalani Falcons, had state power Punahou in his sights.   It was halftime, tied 1-1, thanks to Klink's chip shot over the Punahou keeper.   In the stands on the night of February 9 were his proud parents, Paul and Hiroyo.   "We were having a blast," Paul Klink said later. "It was halftime. We'd just seen Leo make a goal. It was the happiest moment of our life."   If the Falcons could pull this off and win their first state championship, it would be thanks largely to Hiroyo. She was the one who introduced Leo, Kalani's star and last year's ESPN high school player of the year in Hawaii, to the sport when he was just 7. She was the one who spent hour after hour with Leo, working on his game when he needed to catch up with the other boys.   "I wasn't that good at soccer," Leo said, explaining that his playing time was limited to three-minute spurts so the better players could catch a quick rest.   So mom was there with support and encouragement.   "She helped me practice by myself at the park," Leo, 17, said. "My mom taught me about resiliency. And how you would get nowhere without having a good work ethic."   About 10 minutes into the second half, the game stopped and an ambulance was rushed onto the field. Leo and his teammates waited out the 10- to 15-minute delay before the ambulance rushed off. 
Paws the cat lives with the Jones family. Before Paws lived with the Jones family he lived with the Smith family and before he lived with the Smith family he lived with the Peters family. The Jones family used to live in a cabin in the woods. Then they moved to an apartment in the city. Now they live in a house outside of the city. Paws liked all of the families that he had lived with but likes the Jones family the best. Paws likes living with the Jones family so much because they are nice to him and always play with him but also because they have lived in such great places. Paws liked living in the cabin in the woods and in the apartment in the city but neither of these were his were his favorite place to live. Paws favorite place to live is in the new house the Jones family bought outside of the city. The home is very large and Paws has a lot of room to run and play.
Life are always full of stress these days. How do you usually deal with your stress? Do you know doing housework is helpful in dealing with stress? In fact, doing something like washing dirty clothes may really make people relaxed. "Doing some housework such as washing windows or ironing clothes is a good way to face our stress without taking any medicine," says Carol Clark, a successful psychologist in New York. She often advises people who are under lots of stress to try doing housework every day. "While washing something," she says, "you can imagine you're washing away some trouble in your life." Do people all agree with her idea? Here are some ideas about it. "Housework is the main reason for the stress in my life," says Linda in France. "Get me out of doing the housework and then I'll really be relaxed." Gary is a single father. "So, a man pays a psychologist $200 an hour for his problem about stress. However, he is just told to go back home and do some housework. I really don't know who is crazier, the psychologist or the man!
A nurse under mandatory quarantine in New Jersey after caring for Ebola patients in Sierra Leone has blasted stringent new state policies for dealing with health care workers returning from West Africa, saying the change could lead to medical professionals being treated like "criminals and prisoners."   In a first-person account in The Dallas Morning News, Kaci Hickox wrote that she was ordered placed in quarantine at a hospital, where she has now tested negative in two tests for Ebola. Still, hospital officials told her she must remain under quarantine for 21 days.   "This is not a situation I would wish on anyone, and I am scared for those who will follow me," she wrote.   Dr. Seema Yasmin, a friend of Hickox who has been in contact with her during her quarantine, told CNN's Elizabeth Cohen that Hickox is feeling physically fine and showing no symptoms.   That contradicts what New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie said in a press conference Saturday, when he said Hickox was "obviously ill."   Yasmin has been texting with Hickox and told CNN the nurse is "very sad" and "exhuasted." Yasmin also told CNN she is worried about the conditions Hickox is being held in -- the nurse told Yasmin she is in an unheated room and was given only paper scrubs to wear.   Doctors Without Borders said in a written statement that it is "very concerned about the conditions," saying Hickox is in an unheated tent adjacent to the hospital. The group's statement also said it is working to get information from hospital officials. 
Saxony-Anhalt is a landlocked federal state of Germany surrounded by the federal states of Lower Saxony, Brandenburg, Saxony and Thuringia.   Its capital is Magdeburg and its largest city is Halle (Saale). Saxony-Anhalt covers an area of and has a population of 2.34 million. It is the 8th largest state in Germany by area and the 10th largest by population.   The state of Saxony-Anhalt grew out of the former Prussian Province of Saxony and Free State of Anhalt during Prussia's dissolution after World War II. In 1945 the US army administration and, subsequently, the Soviet army administration organised the former province's territory into the new state. The state became a part of the newly established German Democratic Republic in 1947 but in 1952 the state was dissolved and its territory was divided into the East German districts of Halle and Magdeburg, with the exception of the city of Torgau which joined Leipzig. After German reunification in 1990, the state was re-established, leaving out Torgau.   Saxony-Anhalt should not be confused with Saxony or Lower Saxony, the names of two other German states.   Saxony-Anhalt is one of 16 "Bundesländer" (see ) of Germany. It is located in the western part of eastern Germany. By size, it is the 8th largest state in Germany and by population it is the 10th largest.
Northwestern was founded in 1851 by John Evans, for whom the City of Evanston is named, and eight other lawyers, businessmen and Methodist leaders. Its founding purpose was to serve the Northwest Territory, an area that today includes the states of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Michigan, Wisconsin and parts of Minnesota. Instruction began in 1855; women were admitted in 1869. Today, the main campus is a 240-acre (97 ha) parcel in Evanston, along the shores of Lake Michigan just 12 miles north of downtown Chicago. The university's law, medical, and professional schools are located on a 25-acre (10 ha) campus in Chicago's Streeterville neighborhood. In 2008, the university opened a campus in Education City, Doha, Qatar with programs in journalism and communication.   The foundation of Northwestern University is traceable to a meeting on May 31, 1850 of nine prominent Chicago businessmen, Methodist leaders and attorneys who had formed the idea of establishing a university to serve what had once been known as the Northwest Territory. On January 28, 1851, the Illinois General Assembly granted a charter to the Trustees of the North-Western University, making it the first chartered university in Illinois. The school's nine founders, all of whom were Methodists (three of them ministers), knelt in prayer and worship before launching their first organizational meeting. Although they affiliated the university with the Methodist Episcopal Church, they were committed to non-sectarian admissions, believing that Northwestern should serve all people in the newly developing territory.
Uganda ( or ), officially the Republic of Uganda, is a landlocked country in East Africa. It is bordered to the east by Kenya, to the north by South Sudan, to the west by the Democratic Republic of the Congo, to the south-west by Rwanda, and to the south by Tanzania. The southern part of the country includes a substantial portion of Lake Victoria, shared with Kenya and Tanzania. Uganda is in the African Great Lakes region. Uganda also lies within the Nile basin, and has a varied but generally a modified equatorial climate.   Uganda takes its name from the Buganda kingdom, which encompasses a large portion of the south of the country, including the capital Kampala. The people of Uganda were hunter-gatherers until 1,700 to 2,300 years ago, when Bantu-speaking populations migrated to the southern parts of the country.   Beginning in 1894, the area was ruled as a protectorate by the British, who established administrative law across the territory. Uganda gained independence from Britain on 9 October 1962. The period since then has been marked by intermittent conflicts, including a lengthy civil war against the Lord's Resistance Army in the Northern Region, which has caused hundreds of thousands of casualties.
This week Faith Lapidus and Doug Johnson will tell you about Chuck Berry.Chuck Berry,born on October 18,1926,is often called the father of rock and roll.He is one of the most popular and influential performers of rhythm-and-blues and rock'n'roll music during the 1950s,1960s and 1970s.   He started singing in church when he was six years old.His interest in music stuck with him.A lot of Chuck Berry's material is about teenage life,especially school.Chuck Berry left school when he was 17.He headed west with two friends,but they did not get far.They were arrested after they used a gun to steal a car in Kansas City,Missouri.He was set free after four years.   Chuck Berry signed his first recording contract in 1955,with the company Chess Records.Because one of his early hits,"Rock&Roll Music", _ in the United States then,which was greeted with enthusiastic reviews.Many other famous bands copied it again and again.   Filmmaker Taylor Hackford made a documentary called"Hail! Hail! Rock'n'Roll", named for a Chuck Berry song.It centered on the making of a concert to honor the musician on his 60th birthday in 1986.Guitarist Keith Richards from the Rolling Stones organized the concert.Listening to Chuck Berry songs got him interested in music.In Keith Richards'words,"I didn't dream I could make a living at it but that's what I wanted to do."More than 75 artists and bands have done their own versions of Chuck Berry songs.   The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in Cleveland,Ohio,included Chuck Berry in its first year of honors in 1986.The Hall of Fame had this to say:"While no individual can be said to have invented rock and roll,Chuck Berry comes the closest of any single figure to being the one who put all the essential pieces together."   Thank you for your listening.Faith Lapidus and Doug Johnson were your announcers.
Electronica is an umbrella term that encompasses a broad group of electronic-based styles such as techno, house, ambient, drum and bass, jungle, and industrial dance, among others. It has been used to describe the rise of electronic music styles intended not just for dancing but also concentrated listening.   In North America, in the late 1990s, the mainstream music industry adopted and to some extent manufactured "electronica" as an umbrella term encompassing styles such as techno, big beat, drum and bass, trip hop, downtempo, and ambient, regardless of whether it was curated by indie labels catering to the "underground" nightclub and rave scenes, or licensed by major labels and marketed to mainstream audiences as a commercially viable alternative to alternative rock music. By the late 2000s, however, the industry abandoned "electronica" in favor of "electronic dance music" (EDM), a term with roots in academia and an increasing association with outdoor music festivals and relatively mainstream, post-rave electro house and dubstep music. Nevertheless, the U.S.-based "AllMusic" still categorises electronica as a top-level genre, stating that it includes danceable grooves, as well as music for headphones and chillout areas.   In other parts of the world, especially in the UK, "electronica" is also a broad term, but is associated with non-dance-oriented music, including relatively experimental styles of downtempo electronic music. It partly overlaps what is known chiefly outside the UK as "intelligent dance music" (IDM).
Five years. Sixty-two episodes. One big, presumably bloody finale.   Hundreds of possible ways it could end.   With "Breaking Bad" careening toward a climax Sunday night, fans of the AMC show -- newly anointed by Emmy voters as the best drama on TV -- are feverishly doing the plot-resolution math. The Internet is buzzing with potential clues, predictions and crazy theories as viewers debate the most fitting way to send teacher-turned-drug-lord Walter White into the Albuquerque sunset.   Which characters will survive? Will Walt die, and how? Who is the vial of ricin, and the machine gun in his trunk, meant for? What will become of wife Skyler, son Walt Jr., sister-in-law Marie and -- most pressing of all -- Jesse, his tormented ex-partner in crime?   Cryptic comments by Vince Gilligan, the show's creator, have only stoked the speculation.   "We worked long and hard to ensure that ... the very last episode â€” would satisfy an audience," he told Entertainment Weekly. "I am guardedly optimistic that we have achieved just that. And furthermore, trying to be as coy as possible, trying to give away as little as possible, I feel like this ending represents on some level, however small, something of a victory for Walter White.   "Read into that what you will. And try to be as open-minded as possible when you watch this episode, because it may not indeed feel like a victory. Or maybe it will."   Got that?   Only Gilligan, his actors and crew know for sure how the show will end its run. But that hasn't stopped the rest of us from trying to guess. Here are five theories: 
One day when Jack was walking inthe park, he saw a woman he knew sitting on a bench with a dog beside her. The dog was looking up at the woman. Jack walked up to the woman and said, "Hello. Sue, how are you? May I sit and talk with you for a while?" "Of course, please sit down,"Sue said. Jack sat down next to Sue on the bench, and they talked quietly together. The dog continued to look up at Sue, as if waiting to be fed. "That's a nice dog"Jack said, pointing at the animal. "Yes, he's handsome. He's a bit of a mixture but that's not a bad thing. He's strong and healthy" "And hungry," Jack said. "He hasn't taken his eyes off you. He thinks you've got some food for him." "That's true,"Sue said, But I haven't." The two friends laughed and then Jack said, "Does your dog bite?" "No," Sue said. "He's never bitten anyone. He's always gentle and good-tempered ." Hearing this, Jack decided to _ the dog. He put out his hand and touched the animal's head. Immediately it jumped up and bit him. "Hey!" Jack shouted. "You said he didn't bite." "No, I didn't,"Sue replied. "You asked,if my dog bit, and I said no.
Aruba is a constituent country of the Kingdom of the Netherlands in the southern Caribbean Sea, located about west of the main part of the Lesser Antilles and north of the coast of Venezuela. It measures long from its northwestern to its southeastern end and across at its widest point. Together with Bonaire and Curaçao, Aruba forms a group referred to as the ABC islands. Collectively, Aruba and the other Dutch islands in the Caribbean are often called the Dutch Caribbean.   Aruba is one of the four countries that form the Kingdom of the Netherlands, along with the Netherlands, Curaçao, and Sint Maarten; the citizens of these countries are all Dutch nationals. Aruba has no administrative subdivisions, but, for census purposes, is divided into eight regions. Its capital is Oranjestad.   Unlike much of the Caribbean region, Aruba has a dry climate and an arid, cactus-strewn landscape. This climate has helped tourism as visitors to the island can reliably expect warm, sunny weather. It has a land area of and is densely populated, with a total of 102,484 inhabitants at the 2010 Census. It lies outside Hurricane Alley.   Aruba's first inhabitants are thought to have been Caquetío Amerindians from the Arawak tribe, who migrated there from Venezuela to escape attacks by the Caribs. Fragments of the earliest known Indian settlements date back to 1000 AD. As sea currents made canoe travel to other Caribbean islands difficult, Caquetio culture remained more closely associated with that of mainland South America.
The terms upper case and lower case can be written as two consecutive words, connected with a hyphen (upper-case and lower-case), or as a single word (uppercase and lowercase). These terms originated from the common layouts of the shallow drawers called type cases used to hold the movable type for letterpress printing. Traditionally, the capital letters were stored in a separate case that was located above the case that held the small letters, and the name proved easy to remember since capital letters are taller.   The convention followed by many British publishers (including scientific publishers, like Nature, magazines, like The Economist and New Scientist, and newspapers, like The Guardian and The Times) and U.S. newspapers is to use sentence-style capitalisation in headlines, where capitalisation follows the same rules that apply for sentences. This convention is usually called sentence case. It may also be applied to publication titles, especially in bibliographic references and library catalogues. Examples of global publishers whose English-language house styles prescribe sentence-case titles and headings include the International Organization for Standardization.
Located approximately 250 kilometres (160 mi) east of Puerto Rico and the nearer Virgin Islands, St. Barthélemy lies immediately southeast of the islands of Saint Martin and Anguilla. It is one of the Renaissance Islands. St. Barthélemy is separated from Saint Martin by the Saint-Barthélemy Channel. It lies northeast of Saba and St Eustatius, and north of St Kitts. Some small satellite islets belong to St. Barthélemy including Île Chevreau (Île Bonhomme), Île Frégate, Île Toc Vers, Île Tortue and Gros Îlets (Îlots Syndare). A much bigger islet, Île Fourchue, lies on the north of the island, in the Saint-Barthélemy Channel. Other rocky islets which include Coco, the Roques (or little Turtle rocks), the Goat, and the Sugarloaf.   Residents of Saint-Barthélemy (Saint-Barthélemoise people) are French citizens and work at establishments on the island. Most of them are descendants of the first settlers, of Breton, Norman, Poitevin, Saintongeais and Angevin lineage. French is the native tongue of the population. English is understood in hotels and restaurants, and a small population of Anglophones have been resident in Gustavia for many years. The St. Barthélemy French patois is spoken by some 500–700 people in the leeward portion of the island and is superficially related to Quebec French, whereas Créole French is limited to the windward side. Unlike other populations in the Caribbean, language preference between the Créole and Patois is geographically, and not racially, determined.[page needed]
Hinduism is an Indian religion, or a way of life, widely practiced in South Asia. Hinduism has been called the oldest religion in the world, and some practitioners and scholars refer to it as "", "the eternal tradition," or the "eternal way," beyond human history. Scholars regard Hinduism as a fusion or synthesis of various Indian cultures and traditions, with diverse roots and no founder. This "Hindu synthesis" started to develop between 500 BCE and 300 CE following the Vedic period (1500 BCE to 500 BCE).   Although Hinduism contains a broad range of philosophies, it is linked by shared concepts, recognisable rituals, cosmology, shared textual resources, and pilgrimage to sacred sites. Hindu texts are classified into Śruti ("heard") and Smṛti ("remembered"). These texts discuss theology, philosophy, mythology, Vedic yajna, Yoga, agamic rituals, and temple building, among other topics. Major scriptures include the Vedas and Upanishads, the Bhagavad Gita, and the Agamas. Sources of authority and eternal truths in its texts play an important role, but there is also a strong Hindu tradition of the questioning of this authority, to deepen the understanding of these truths and to further develop the tradition.   Prominent themes in Hindu beliefs include the four Puruṣārthas, the proper goals or aims of human life, namely Dharma (ethics/duties), Artha (prosperity/work), Kama (desires/passions) and Moksha (liberation/freedom/salvation); karma (action, intent and consequences), Saṃsāra (cycle of rebirth), and the various Yogas (paths or practices to attain moksha). Hindu practices include rituals such as puja (worship) and recitations, meditation, family-oriented rites of passage, annual festivals, and occasional pilgrimages. Some Hindus leave their social world and material possessions, then engage in lifelong Sannyasa (monastic practices) to achieve Moksha. Hinduism prescribes the eternal duties, such as honesty, refraining from injuring living beings (ahimsa), patience, forbearance, self-restraint, and compassion, among others. The four largest denominations of Hinduism are the Vaishnavism, Shaivism, Shaktism and Smartism.
With Snoop Dogg bowing out of his feud with Iggy Azalea, it seems Eminem is more than willing to take his place.   In a leaked snippet from a new Eminem song called "Vegas," the controversial rapper appears to tell Iggy to put away her "rape whistle."   "Unless you're Nicki/grab you by the wrist let's ski/so what's it gon be/put that s**t away Iggy/You don't wanna blow that rape whistle on me," Eminem raps.   Those lyrics come on the heels of Em taking shots at singer Lana Del Rey in a freestyle, saying that he'd punch her "right in the face twice" like NFL player Ray Rice, who was suspended from the league after he was seen on video knocking his then-fiance unconscious.   That kind of lyricism isn't surprising from Eminem, whose rhymes have been called homophobic in addition to misogynistic and violent. The rapper has explained in the past that the words he puts on wax are part of the "personas that I create in my music."   To Iggy Azalea, that approach is not only offensive, but uninspired.   "I'm bored of the old men threatening young women as entertainment trend and much more interested in the young women getting $ trend," the Australian artist tweeted on Thursday. "It's especially awkward because my 14 year old brother is the biggest eminem fan and now the artist he admired says he wants to rape me. nice!"   Besides, she adds, "women in music have the bigger b***s anyhow."   Iggy is right that she's come up against a wave of criticism as her star power continues to rise. Last month, she went toe-to-toe with Snoop Dogg when the California rapper posted a series of mean-spirited photos and comments about the "Fancy" rapper, including calling her a "f****ng c**t." 
Adult contemporary music (AC) is a style of music, ranging from 1960s vocal and 1970s soft rock music to predominantly ballad-heavy music of the present day, with varying degrees of easy listening, pop, soul, rhythm and blues, quiet storm, and rock influence. Adult contemporary is rather a continuation of the easy listening and soft rock style that became popular in the 1960s and 1970s with some adjustments that reflect the evolution of pop/rock music.   Adult contemporary tends to have lush, soothing and highly polished qualities where emphasis on melody and harmonies is accentuated. It is usually melodic enough to get a listener's attention, and is inoffensive and pleasurable enough to work well as background music. Like most of pop music, its songs tend to be written in a basic format employing a verse–chorus structure.   Adult contemporary is heavy on romantic sentimental ballads which mostly use acoustic instruments (though bass guitar is usually used) such as acoustic guitars, pianos, saxophones, and sometimes an orchestral set. The electric guitars are normally faint and high-pitched. However, recent adult contemporary music may usually feature synthesizers (and other electronics, such as drum machines).
Bailey and her friend Kara were bored one Saturday. It was a hot summer day. They didn't want to stay inside any longer but they didn't know what to do. They were tired of watching TV inside. Suddenly, Kara had an idea. She said, "Bailey, we could make some money." "How?," asked Bailey. "Well, it is hot outside," said Kara. "People are thirsty out there. We could make money by making some lemonade and iced tea and have people pay for it." "That is a great idea," answered Bailey, "let's do it!" Kara had made some iced tea with her mom earlier that day. She asked her mom permission to use it. Her mom said yes. She and Kara made two pitchers of lemonade. They got a cooler full of ice and made a sign so people knew what was for sale. Kara's mom helped them get a table and chairs and set up out on the corner in their neighborhood. It was so hot out that people who saw their stand came to buy drinks right away. Their first visitors to their stand were their friends, Abby and Molly. In a half hour, they had to close their stand. They were all out of lemonade and iced tea. They had made a lot of money. They split the money and each got ten dollars. It was a great day.
Facebook is an American for-profit corporation and an online social media and social networking service based in Menlo Park, California. The Facebook website was launched on February 4, 2004, by Mark Zuckerberg, along with fellow Harvard College students and roommates, Eduardo Saverin, Andrew McCollum, Dustin Moskovitz, and Chris Hughes.   The founders had initially limited the website's membership to Harvard students; however, later they expanded it to higher education institutions in the Boston area, the Ivy League schools, and Stanford University. Facebook gradually added support for students at various other universities, and eventually to high school students as well. Since 2006, anyone who claims to be at least 13 years old has been allowed to become a registered user of Facebook, though variations exist in the minimum age requirement, depending on applicable local laws. The Facebook name comes from the face book directories often given to United States university students.   Facebook may be accessed by a large range of desktops, laptops, tablet computers, and smartphones over the Internet and mobile networks. After registering to use the site, users can create a user profile indicating their name, occupation, schools attended and so on. Users can add other users as "friends", exchange messages, post status updates and digital photos, share digital videos and links, use various software applications ("apps"), and receive notifications when others update their profiles or make posts. Additionally, users may join common-interest user groups organized by workplace, school, hobbies or other topics, and categorize their friends into lists such as "People From Work" or "Close Friends". In groups, editors can pin posts to top. Additionally, users can complain about or block unpleasant people. Because of the large volume of data that users submit to the service, Facebook has come under scrutiny for its privacy policies. Facebook makes most of its revenue from advertisements which appear onscreen, marketing access for its customers to its users and offering highly selective advertising opportunities.
Ricky and Carmen were friends. Ricky was an inchworm. He had a skinny body and was bright green. Carmen was a ladybug. She had a round body and was red with black spots. They liked to play together in the grass.   One day Ricky and Carmen were playing in the grass. Carmen saw something new. She asked Ricky, "What is that yellow thing?" Ricky did not know. They went over to the yellow thing. It was not grass. It was not alive. It was big and flat and looked like it might be fun for jumping.   Carmen said, "Let's jump on it." Ricky said, "Okay, but I hope we don't get in trouble." They jumped on the big yellow thing. It was fun! They were happy jumping together!   All of a sudden, the big yellow thing moved. It went up in the air. Ricky and Carmen held on. It went up and up. It went into the sky. Ricky and Carmen were scared. They wanted to get down. They shouted, "Help, help!" A bird heard them and flew over. His name was George. George said, "What's wrong? Don't you like it up here on your kite?" "No, we don't!" said Ricky. "What's a kite?" said Carmen.   George told them they were on a kite. He showed them the string. He said, "You can follow that string all the way to the ground." It looked like a long way down. But they thanked George for his help and slowly crawled down the string to the ground. They were safe.
The Korean language (, see below) is the official and national language of both Koreas: the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (North Korea) and the Republic of Korea (South Korea), with different standardized official forms used in each territory. It is also one of the two official languages in the Yanbian Korean Autonomous Prefecture and Changbai Korean Autonomous County of the People's Republic of China. Approximately 80 million people worldwide speak Korean.   Historical and modern linguists classify Korean as a language isolate; however, it does have a few extinct relatives, which together with Korean itself and the Jeju language (spoken in the Jeju Province and considered somewhat distinct) form the Koreanic language family. This implies that Korean is not an isolate, but a member of a small family. The idea that Korean belongs to the controversial Altaic language family is discredited in academic research. There is still debate about a relation to Dravidian languages and on whether Korean and Japanese are related to each other. The Korean language is agglutinative in its morphology and SOV in its syntax.   Modern Korean descends from Middle Korean, which in turn descends from Old Korean, which descends from the language spoken in Prehistoric Korea (labeled Proto-Korean), whose nature is debated, in part because Korean genetic origins are controversial. A relation of Korean (together with its extinct relatives which form the Koreanic family) with Japonic languages has been proposed by linguists such as William George Aston and Samuel Martin. Roy Andrew Miller and others suggested or supported the inclusion of Koreanic and Japonic languages in the purported Altaic family (a macro-family that would comprise Tungusic, Mongolian and Turkic families); the Altaic hypothesis has since been largely rejected by most linguistic specialists.
I was really scared walking into school today. It was the first day of sixth grade and I was excited to be leaving elementary school, but I ended up going to a different middle school than all my friends since I moved across town last year. My name is Matt, but I'm going to try and not let anyone else know that as I'd rather sit in the back and keep to myself. I didn't want to ride the bus, so my mom said she would drive me there for today. Thankfully I found my classroom, but I walked in and saw nobody I knew, as I thought. I took a seat at an empty table as the teacher, Mrs. Frank took roll call. She seemed nice, and I'm happy we weren't told to sit in alphabetical order or by boys to boys and girls to girls, as I was free to sit by myself for now. Mrs. Frank called out Jimmy, Sally, Linda, Jason, and then finally got to my name in which I raised my hand quickly. As soon as she was done, a few of the kids who arrived late came to sit by me and said their names were Martin and Mark.   Martin said he liked how our names all sounded the same, and Mark seconded that as we started talking before class began. When it was time to eat, we all said we would sit with one another in the lunch room, and also when it came to recess and playing together. It was nice to have some friends after being so nervous earlier, and see that everything does work out in the end. Hopefully soon we can all play together outside of class, but as far as today, it was a great start!
ELMONT, N. Y. (AP)---Elmont High School senior Harold Ekeh had a plan--he would apply to 13 colleges , including all eight Ivy League schools, figuring it would help his chances of getting into at least one great school.   It worked, And then some, The teenager from Long Island was accepted at all 13 schools, and now faces his next big test: deciding where to go.   "I was stunned, I was really shocked, "Ekeh told The Associated Press during an interview Tuesday at his home near the Belmont Park racetrack, his four younger brothers running around.   He found out last week he had been accepted to Princeton University. That made him eight for eight in the Ivy League--he had already been accepted to Yale University , Brown University, Columbia University , Cornell University , Dartmouth College, Harvard University and University of Pennsylvania. His other acceptances came from Johns Hopkins University, Massachusetts Institute of Technology, New York University, Stony Brook University and Vanderbilt University.   "We are so proud of him, " said his mother , Roseline Ekeh."Hard work, dedication, prayer brought him to where he is today. "   Born in Nigeria, Harold was eight years old when his parents brought the family to the United States.   "It was kind of difficult adjusting to the new environment and the new culture, " he said. But he saw his parents working hard, "and I took their example and decides to _   He referenced that effort in his college essay, writing, "Like a tree, uprooted and replanted, I could have withered in a new country surrounded by people and languages I did not understand. Yet, I witnessed my parents persevere despite the potential to give in. I faced my challenges with newfound zeal; I risked insults, spending my break talking to unfamiliar faces, ignoring their sarcastic remarks. "   Harold "is tremendously focused in everything he does." said John Capozzi, the school's principal, "He's a great role model. All the students and faculty are so proud of him. "   Harold is the second Long Island student in as many years to get into all eight Ivies. Last year, William Floyd High School's Kwasi Enim chose to go to Yale.   Harold, who has a 100. 51 grade-point average and wants to be a neurosurgeon, said he was leaning toward Yale, and had heard from Enin, offering congratulations. Like Enin, he's likely to announce his college choice at a press conference later this month. The deadline to decide is May 1.
A Florida jury awarded a widow $23.6 billion in punitive damages in her lawsuit against tobacco giant R.J. Reynolds Tobacco Company, her lawyer said.   Cynthia Robinson claimed that smoking killed her husband, Michael Johnson, in 1996. She argued R.J. Reynolds was negligent in not informing him that nicotine is addictive and smoking can cause lung cancer. Johnson started smoking when he was 13 and died of lung cancer when he was 36.   The jury award Friday evening is "courageous," said Robinson's lawyer, Christopher Chestnut.   "If anyone saw the documents that this jury saw, I believe that person would have awarded a similar or greater verdict amount," he said.   The Escambia County trial took four weeks and the jury deliberated for 15 hours, according to the Pensacola News Journal. The verdict included more than $16 million in compensatory damages, the newspaper said.   Nine ex-smokers on their last cigarette   Chestnut said five of the six jurors who heard the case were 45 or younger, which meant he had to show them how the tobacco industry presented its product before the public awareness campaigns on tobacco risks and dangers in the 1990s.   In a statement, J. Jeffery Raborn, vice president and assistant general counsel for R. J. Reynolds, said, "The damages awarded in this case are grossly excessive and impermissible under state and constitutional law.   "This verdict goes far beyond the realm of reasonableness and fairness and is completely inconsistent with the evidence presented," said Raborn. "We plan to file post-trial motions with the trial court promptly and are confident that the court will follow the law and not allow this runaway verdict to stand." 
After spending a year in Brazil on a student exchange program, her mother recalled, Marie   Colvin returned home to find that her classmates had narrowed down their college choices.   "Everyone else was already admitted to college," her mother, Rosemarie Colvin, said from the   family home. "So she took our car and drove up to Yale and said, ` _ "'   Impressed-she was a National Merit finalist who had picked up Portuguese in Brazil-Yale did, admitting her to the class of 1978, where she started writing for The Yale Daily News "and decided to be a journalist," her mother said.   On Wednesday, Marie Colvin, 56, an experienced journalist for The Sunday Times of London, was killed as Syrian forces attacked the city of Homs. She was working in a temporary media center that was destroyed in the attack.   "She was supposed to leave Syria on Wednesday", Ms. Colvin said. "Her editor told me he called her yesterday and said it was getting too dangerous and they wanted to take her out. She said she was doing a story and she wanted to finish it."   Ms. Colvin said it was pointless to try to prevent her daughter from going to conflict zones. "If you knew my daughter," she said; "it would have been such a waste of words. She was determined, she was enthusiastic about what she did, it was her life. There was no saying `Don't do this.'This is who she was, ly who she was and what she believed in: cover the story, not just have pictures of it, but bring it to life in the deepest way you could." So it was not a surprise when she took an interest in journalism, her mother said.
Connecticut () is the southernmost state in the New England region of the northeastern United States. As of the 2010 Census, Connecticut features the highest per-capita income, Human Development Index (0.962), and median household income in the United States. Connecticut is bordered by Rhode Island to the east, Massachusetts to the north, New York to the west, and Long Island Sound to the south. Its capital is Hartford and its most populous city is Bridgeport. Although Connecticut is technically part of New England, it is often grouped along with New York and New Jersey as the Tri-state area. The state is named for the Connecticut River, a major U.S. river that approximately bisects the state. The word "Connecticut" is derived from various anglicized spellings of an Algonquian word for "long tidal river".   Connecticut is the third smallest state by area, the 29th most populous, and the fourth most densely populated of the 50 United States. It is known as the "Constitution State", the "Nutmeg State", the "Provisions State", and the "Land of Steady Habits". It was influential in the development of the federal government of the United States. Much of southern and western Connecticut (along with the majority of the state's population) is part of the New York metropolitan area; three of Connecticut's eight counties are statistically included in the New York City combined statistical area, which is widely referred to as the Tri-State area. Connecticut's center of population is in Cheshire, New Haven County, which is also located within the Tri-State area.
Oxygen is a chemical element with symbol O and atomic number 8. It is a member of the chalcogen group on the periodic table and is a highly reactive nonmetal and oxidizing agent that readily forms compounds (notably oxides) with most elements. By mass, oxygen is the third-most abundant element in the universe, after hydrogen and helium. At standard temperature and pressure, two atoms of the element bind to form dioxygen, a colorless and odorless diatomic gas with the formula O 2. Diatomic oxygen gas constitutes 20.8% of the Earth's atmosphere. However, monitoring of atmospheric oxygen levels show a global downward trend, because of fossil-fuel burning. Oxygen is the most abundant element by mass in the Earth's crust as part of oxide compounds such as silicon dioxide, making up almost half of the crust's mass.   Many major classes of organic molecules in living organisms, such as proteins, nucleic acids, carbohydrates, and fats, contain oxygen, as do the major inorganic compounds that are constituents of animal shells, teeth, and bone. Most of the mass of living organisms is oxygen as it is a part of water, the major constituent of lifeforms. Oxygen is used in cellular respiration and released by photosynthesis, which uses the energy of sunlight to produce oxygen from water. It is too chemically reactive to remain a free element in air without being continuously replenished by the photosynthetic action of living organisms. Another form (allotrope) of oxygen, ozone (O 3), strongly absorbs UVB radiation and consequently the high-altitude ozone layer helps protect the biosphere from ultraviolet radiation, but is a pollutant near the surface where it is a by-product of smog. At even higher low earth orbit altitudes, sufficient atomic oxygen is present to cause erosion for spacecraft.
Washington, D.C., formally the District of Columbia and commonly referred to as "Washington", "the District", or simply "D.C.", is the capital of the United States.   The signing of the Residence Act on July 16, 1790, approved the creation of a capital district located along the Potomac River on the country's East Coast. The U.S. Constitution provided for a federal district under the exclusive jurisdiction of the Congress and the District is therefore not a part of any state. The states of Maryland and Virginia each donated land to form the federal district, which included the pre-existing settlements of Georgetown and Alexandria. Named in honor of President George Washington, the City of Washington was founded in 1791 to serve as the new national capital. In 1846, Congress returned the land originally ceded by Virginia; in 1871, it created a single municipal government for the remaining portion of the District.   Washington had an estimated population of 681,170 as of July 2016. Commuters from the surrounding Maryland and Virginia suburbs raise the city's population to more than one million during the workweek. The Washington metropolitan area, of which the District is the principal city, has a population of over 6 million, the sixth-largest metropolitan statistical area in the country.
Shopping used to mean actually going to shops, but nowadays, you can shop without even leaving your house. Just sit in front of your computer, click your mouse and your things will be sent to your house in a couple of days. November 11this a big day for people who like shopping online. On that day last year, many online stores offered a big discount and free delivery service. The biggest online shopping sites in China,Taobao.com and Tmall.com ,sold things worth 19.1 billion yuan in total. "Goods online are often much cheaper. It also saves me a lot of time. And we often have more goods on many online stores than in shopping malls," Wang Xin, an online shopping lover in Beijing, said to China Daily. She stayed up very late for a lot of cheap goods online. She spent several thousand that day. Another big advantage of online shopping is that it helps people get things from different cities, even different countries, _ . "I like eating duck neck very much and I often buy it on Taobao from shops in Wuhan. It's much more delicious than what our local stores sell, but cheaper," said Zang Xin, a girl in Yangzhou. While enjoying online shopping, many people also have worries, especially for middle school student buyers. Young students are easily attracted by advertisements on the Internet and buy things they don't need. "Middle school students should pay more attention to their study. Searching for things wastes their time," said Jing Chunling, an education expert. "Besides, online shop owners have no idea of the ages of their buyers. Anyone can easily buy things that they want to. Some of goods are even bad for young students such as cigarettes and wine."
Kraków, also Cracow or Krakow, is the second largest and one of the oldest cities in Poland. Situated on the Vistula River () in the Lesser Poland () region, the city dates back to the 7th century. Kraków has traditionally been one of the leading centres of Polish academic, cultural, and artistic life and is one of Poland's most important economic hubs. It was the capital of the Crown of the Kingdom of Poland from 1038 to 1569; the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth from 1569 to 1795; the Free City of Kraków from 1815 to 1846; the Grand Duchy of Cracow from 1846 to 1918; and Kraków Voivodeship from the 14th century to 1998. It has been the capital of Lesser Poland Voivodeship since 1999.   The city has grown from a Stone Age settlement to Poland's second most important city. It began as a hamlet on Wawel Hill and was already being reported as a busy trading centre of Slavonic Europe in 965. With the establishment of new universities and cultural venues at the emergence of the Second Polish Republic in 1918 and throughout the 20th century, Kraków reaffirmed its role as a major national academic and artistic centre. The city has a population of approximately 760,000, with approximately 8 million additional people living within a radius of its main square.
(CNN)Buddy Elias spent much of his life preserving the memory of his cousin Anne Frank. His death Monday brought back memories for me.   We met three years ago in an Atlanta hotel conference room. He and his wife, Gerti, were touring the United States to promote a new book.   I could tell instantly that he was related to Anne. His face resembled hers so much that it felt almost as though I was meeting her in person.   "Anne Frank's Family" had just been published, based on 14 boxes of letters, postcards, photos and documents that Gerti accidentally discovered in the attic of their house in Basel.   Elias told me that it wasn't just Anne who loved to write; everyone in the family did.   The 6,000 recovered documents told a story of a family torn apart by war and anti-Semitism. That day in Atlanta, I listened to Elias tell me about loved ones he lost. He told me he was lucky that his family had remained in neutral Switzerland when World War II broke out.   I thought back to our conversation Thursday when I learned the news of Elias' death. He died peacefully at his home in Basel, Switzerland, at 90, said an announcement posted on the website of Anne Frank Fonds, the foundation that Elias headed.   Like millions of people who read "The Diary of Anne Frank," I was deeply influenced by her words and in awe of her family's courage.   Anne received her diary on her 13th birthday and wrote in it for the two years that her family hid from the Nazis in the secret annex of an Amsterdam apartment. I was only in seventh grade when my father bought me the book in 1975. 
(CNN)After five months of detention in North Korea, Jeffrey Fowle arrived home in Ohio early Wednesday for an emotional reunion with his family.   Stepping off the plane at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base and onto the tarmac, he was embraced by family members, including his three children.   "It's a good sign that the North Koreans released this man unconditionally," former U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Bill Richardson told CNN's "New Day." "They usually demand a price."   Richardson has helped negotiate the release of prisoners in the past, including from North Korea.   Pyongyang's move is "a signal to the U.S. that says, 'All right, let's start talking,' " and perhaps restart nuclear negotiations, he said.   'Fig leaf' statement   A North Korean government official told CNN that Fowle was released after leader Kim Jong Un issued a "special dispensation."   "Comrade Kim Jong Un, the First Chairman of the National Defence Commission, in deference to agreement between the Supreme Leaders of the DPRK and the US, granted a special dispensation for the American Jeffrey Edward Fowle, who was being indicted, to be released after his case had been dismissed," an emailed statement read.   Former White House spokesman Jay Carney called the statement "a fig leaf."   Kim needed to free Fowle "to try to thaw relations a little bit, and he needs to pin it on the United States," said Carney, who is now a CNN commentator.   The Obama administration, for which Carney was the spokesman, continues to "press very hard" for the release of Americans being held in North Korea, as previous administrations did, he said. 
Akrotiri and Dhekelia, officially the Sovereign Base Areas of Akrotiri and Dhekelia ( SBA; ; ), is a British Overseas Territory on the island of Cyprus. The areas, which include British military bases and installations, as well as other land, were retained by the British under the 1960 treaty of independence, signed by the United Kingdom, Greece, Turkey and representatives from the Greek and Turkish Cypriot communities, which granted independence to the Crown colony of Cyprus. The territory serves an important role as a station for signals intelligence and provides a vital strategic part of the United Kingdom communications gathering and monitoring network in the Mediterranean and the Middle East.   The territory is composed of two Base Areas. One is Akrotiri, or the "Western Sovereign Base Area" ("WSBA"), which includes two main bases at RAF Akrotiri and Episkopi, plus all of Akrotiri Village's district (including Limassol Salt Lake) and parts of eleven other village districts. The other area is Dhekelia Cantonment, or the "Eastern Sovereign Base Area" ("ESBA"), which includes a base at Ayios Nikolaos plus parts of twelve village districts.   The Sovereign Base Areas were created in 1960 by the London and Zurich Agreements, when Cyprus achieved independence from the British Empire. The United Kingdom desired to retain sovereignty over these areas, as this guaranteed the use of UK military bases on Cyprus, including RAF Akrotiri, and a garrison of the British Army. The importance of the bases to the British is based on the strategic location of the island, at the eastern edge of the Mediterranean, close to the Suez Canal and the Middle East; the ability to use the RAF base as staging post for military aircraft; and for training.
Brazil has both modern technologies in the center-south portion, counting with LTE, 3G HSPA, DSL ISDB based Digital TV. Other areas of the country, particularly the North and Northeast regions, lack even basic analog PSTN telephone lines. This is a problem that the government is trying to solve by linking the liberation of new technologies such as WiMax and FTTH) only tied with compromises on extension of the service to less populated regions.   The Brazilian landline sector is fully open to competition and continues to attract operators. The bulk of the market is divided between four operators: Telefónica, América Móvil, Oi (controlled by Brazilian investors and Portugal Telecom), and GVT. Telefónica operates through Telefónica Brasil, which has integrated its landline and mobile services under the brand name Vivo. The América Móvil group in Brazil comprises long distance incumbent Embratel, mobile operator Claro, and cable TV provider Net Serviços. The group has started to integrate its landline and mobile services under the brand name Claro, previously used only for mobile services. Oi offers landline and mobile services under the Oi brand name. GVT is the country’s most successful alternative network provider, offering landline services only.   "National:" extensive microwave radio relay system and a national satellite system with 64 earth stations.
Ecuador, officially the Republic of Ecuador (, which literally translates as "Republic of the Equator"; ), is a representative democratic republic in northwestern South America, bordered by Colombia on the north, Peru on the east and south, and the Pacific Ocean to the west. Ecuador also includes the Galápagos Islands in the Pacific, about west of the mainland.   What is now Ecuador was home to a variety of Amerindian groups that were gradually incorporated into the Inca Empire during the 15th century. The territory was colonized by Spain during the 16th century, achieving independence in 1820 as part of Gran Colombia, from which it emerged as its own sovereign state in 1830. The legacy of both empires is reflected in Ecuador's ethnically diverse population, with most of its /1e6 round 1 million people being mestizos, followed by large minorities of European, Amerindian, and African descendants.   Spanish is the official language and is spoken by a majority of the population, though 13 Amerindian languages are also recognized, including Quichua and Shuar. The capital city is Quito, while the largest city is Guayaquil. In reflection of the country's rich cultural heritage, the historical center of Quito was declared a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1978. Cuenca, the third-largest city, was also declared a World Heritage Site in 1999 as an outstanding example of a planned, inland Spanish-style colonial city in the Americas.
Two children died Saturday in the suburbs of the Syrian capital -- not because of guns, bombs or other weapons, but because of malnutrition, activists and an opposition group said.   The two boys suffered from marasmus, a type of acute malnutrition that can very quickly lead to death if not treated, the opposition Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said.   Ibrahim Khalil was 4; Ammar Arafa was even younger, but his exact age wasn't known, opposition activist Ahmed Al-Muadami said from the town, Moadamiyet al-Sham, in the Damascus suburbs.   Moadamiyet al-Sham was one of the areas affected by the alleged chemical weapons attack August 21. It was the first town United Nations inspectors visited this week to gather evidence about the attack and speak to the wounded.   Al-Muadami said the town has been under siege by Syrian troops since last November and that the situation there is "disastrous."   "We ran out of food supplies and we cannot get anything into the town," he said.   Doctors lacked the medicine and necessary nutrients to treat the children because of the siege, the Syrian Observatory said.   "We haven't seen a piece of bread for six months now," said another resident, Abu Alnour. "We went through our food supplies, local produce and cattle."   He said government checkpoints and snipers are blocking all the roads leading into the town and are not allowing anything in or out. The Syrian government typically calls rebels "armed terrorists."   "The Red Crescent tried to send an aid shipment into the town in early July but the government forces denied them access, and that was the last aid shipment we heard about," Al-Muadami said. 
Superman, Spider-Man, Batman and Iron Man ... .There is no shortage of superheroes. You find them in comic books, on the TV and the big screen.   In a survey of fans by the sci-fi and fantasy website, SFX.co.uk, Batman, 70 years old this year, was voted Britain's favorite superhero.   Unlike many crime-fighting superheroes Batman has no special powers. He can't fly like Superman or shoot a sticky web like Spider-Man.   Bruce Wayne is born to a wealthy Gotham City business family. However, when his parents are murdered his life changes completely.   Wayne feels anger at their deaths and guilty that he did not prevent them. He travels around the world learning how to fight. Upon returning to Gotham, he creates a disguise to enable him to fight crime without being recognized.   A childhood fear of bats leads him to choose to dress as one. His idea is that through the bat person he can prove to himself that he has overcome his childhood fears.   Wayne is the CEO of the company he inherits from his father. He seems to live the lifestyle of a millionaire playboy. But this is a ruse . He works hard at the image to allow himself the freedom he needs to do his work as a crime fighter. "Bruce Wayne, playboy" is the disguise Batman is the real person.   "Wayne is not a born superhero. Instead, he is a real, complex person," said Dace Golder, editor of the website. "He is the most realistic of all the superheroes. I am particularly interested in the emotional process by which a boy becomes a hero. His superhero qualities come from within."
In Japanese, they are usually referred to as bushi (武士?, [bu.ɕi]) or buke (武家?). According to translator William Scott Wilson: "In Chinese, the character 侍 was originally a verb meaning "to wait upon" or "accompany persons" in the upper ranks of society, and this is also true of the original term in Japanese, saburau. In both countries the terms were nominalized to mean "those who serve in close attendance to the nobility", the pronunciation in Japanese changing to saburai. According to Wilson, an early reference to the word "samurai" appears in the Kokin Wakashū (905–914), the first imperial anthology of poems, completed in the first part of the 10th century.   By the end of the 12th century, samurai became almost entirely synonymous with bushi, and the word was closely associated with the middle and upper echelons of the warrior class. The samurai were usually associated with a clan and their lord, were trained as officers in military tactics and grand strategy, and they followed a set of rules that later came to be known as the bushidō. While the samurai numbered less than 10% of then Japan's population, their teachings can still be found today in both everyday life and in modern Japanese martial arts.
Michael Dunn killed Jordan Davis. That's not in dispute, but according to attorneys' opening statements Thursday in Dunn's murder trial, almost everything else is.   Assistant State Attorney John Guy, speaking for the prosecution, painted a picture of four innocent teens who stopped at a Jacksonville, Florida, gas station for gum and cigarettes amid a day of "mall hopping and girl shopping" over Thanksgiving break in 2012. Dunn asked the teens to turn down their music, and Jordan disrespected him, saying "F*** that n****r" -- nothing more -- and for that, Dunn opened fire, hitting Jordan three times.   It was a markedly different account from that of defense attorney Cory Strolla, who told jurors that the music was so loud, it was rattling the windows of the teens' SUV, and when Dunn politely asked one of them to turn it down, Jordan uttered the three-word explicit phrase, demanded his pal turn the music back up and began jawing with Dunn.   Jordan then produced a weapon -- either a gun or a lead pipe, Strolla alleged -- and told Dunn, "I'm going to f***ing kill you," the attorney said. He added, "You're dead, bitch. This is going down now," the attorney alleged.   While Guy said Jordan and Dunn "exchanged f-bombs back and forth," Strolla said his client never uttered a curse word. And while Guy cited witnesses who said an incensed Dunn began shooting after telling Jordan, "You're not going to talk to me like that," Strolla insisted that Jordan was getting out of the car, armed, with the intention of hurting or killing Dunn. 
Mr. Laurence was not allowed to see Beth, and Meg felt unhappy writing letters to her mother saying nothing about Beth's illness. Jo nursed Beth night and day, but the time came when Beth did not know her and called for her mother. Jo was frightened, and Meg begged to be allowed to write the truth, but Hannah said there was no danger yet. Then a letter came saying that Mr. March was worse and could not think of coming home for a long time.   How dark the days seemed. How sad and lonely. The sisters worked and waited as the shadow of death lay over the once happy home. It was then that Meg realized how rich she had been in the things which really mattered--love, peace, good health. And Jo, watching her little sister, thought about how unselfish Beth always was--living for others and trying to make home a happy place for all who came there. Amy, sad and lonely at Aunt March's house, just wanted to come home so that she could do something to help Beth.   On the first day of December, the doctor came in the morning. He looked at Beth, then said quietly, 'If Mrs. March can leave her husband, I think she should come home now.'   Jo threw on her coat and ran out into the snow to send a telegram. When she arrived back, Laurie came with a letter saying that Mr. March was getting better again. This was good news, but Jo's face was so unhappy that Laurie asked, 'What is it? Is Beth worse?'   'I've sent for Mother,' said Jo, beginning to cry. 'Beth doesn't know us any more.'   Laurie held her hand and whispered, 'I'm here, Jo. Hold on to me. Your mother will be here soon, and then everything will be all right.'
A dispute between a Muslim gold shop owner and two Buddhist sellers erupted in clashes that left 10 people dead, 20 injured and four mosques burned to the ground in central Myanmar, local officials said Thursday.   The clashes began Wednesday morning in Meiktila Township after a quarrel between the shop owner and the sellers, police said.   The sellers were beaten up by four other Muslim shop owners, police said.   In retaliation, Muslims and Buddhists took to the street, torching houses and schools, said Police Lt. Col. Aung Min.   To defuse tensions, police imposed a curfew Wednesday night.   Tension, police presence   The death toll from the violence has risen to 10, said Win Htein, a member of parliament for the area. He described the situation as still tense despite the increased police presence.   Win Htein, a member of opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi's National League of Democracy, linked the unrest to feelings stirred up by clashes between Buddhists and Muslims in western Myanmar last year.   When police took two Muslim shop owners to court Thursday, a group of several hundred Buddhists tried to attack them and threw rocks, he said.   Myanmar is emerging from decades of military repression to democracy, but has been plagued by bouts of ethnic violence.   In the western state of Rakhine, tensions between the majority Buddhist community and the Rohingya -- a stateless ethnic Muslim group -- boiled over into clashes that killed scores of people and left tens of thousands of others living in makeshift camps last year. 
An estimated eight million people in Britain enjoy walking in the Peak District every year. But what many who enjoy outdoor hobbies don't know is that their "right to walk" was won by men who sacrificed their own freedom to gain access to the countryside for all.   In 1932 wealthy landowners had private use of large areas of uplands for hunting. Walkers were kept out by guards, until a group of 400 people from Manchester and Yorkshire, led by Benny Rothman, engaged on a mass trespass . The campaigner was put into prison with four other men.   The event is supported by many with starting a movement that paved the way for the establishment of national parks. Mr Rothman died in 2002 but he is now being honoured for his contribution with the revealing of a blue plaque on his former home in Crofton Avenue, Timperley, Greater Manchester.   Retired professor, Harry, who followed in his father's footsteps by specialising in environmental issues, says: "He was a very optimistic man and he made the best of it when he went to prison. It did''t put him off campaigning, he went on campaigning on environmental issues most of his life." Mr Rothman did live to see the Countryside Rights of Way Act passed by Parliament in 2000, ensuring the freedom of the countryside for future generations.   Roly Smith, a friend of Mr Rothman and an author of walking guidebooks, said: "It is because of them that we have got what we have today."   Councillor Jonathan Coupe, of Trafford Council, said: "The honour of having a blue plaque attributed to you means you have really made an impression on society."   "Mr Rothman contributed to the changing of history and it is because of him that we are able to enjoy the local countryside as often and freely as we can today."
In 1682, William Penn founded the city to serve as capital of the Pennsylvania Colony. Philadelphia played an instrumental role in the American Revolution as a meeting place for the Founding Fathers of the United States, who signed the Declaration of Independence in 1776 and the Constitution in 1787. Philadelphia was one of the nation's capitals in the Revolutionary War, and served as temporary U.S. capital while Washington, D.C., was under construction. In the 19th century, Philadelphia became a major industrial center and railroad hub that grew from an influx of European immigrants. It became a prime destination for African-Americans in the Great Migration and surpassed two million occupants by 1950.   Based on the similar shifts underway the nation's economy after 1960, Philadelphia experienced a loss of manufacturing companies and jobs to lower taxed regions of the USA and often overseas. As a result, the economic base of Philadelphia, which had historically been manufacturing, declined significantly. In addition, consolidation in several American industries (retailing, financial services and health care in particular) reduced the number of companies headquartered in Philadelphia. The economic impact of these changes would reduce Philadelphia's tax base and the resources of local government. Philadelphia struggled through a long period of adjustment to these economic changes, coupled with significant demographic change as wealthier residents moved into the nearby suburbs and more immigrants moved into the city. The city in fact approached bankruptcy in the late 1980s. Revitalization began in the 1990s, with gentrification turning around many neighborhoods and reversing its decades-long trend of population loss.
Impressionism is a 19th-century art movement characterized by relatively small, thin, yet visible brush strokes, open composition, emphasis on accurate depiction of light in its changing qualities (often accentuating the effects of the passage of time), ordinary subject matter, inclusion of "movement" as a crucial element of human perception and experience, and unusual visual angles. Impressionism originated with a group of Paris-based artists whose independent exhibitions brought them to prominence during the 1870s and 1880s.   The Impressionists faced harsh opposition from the conventional art community in France. The name of the style derives from the title of a Claude Monet work, "Impression, soleil levant" ("Impression, Sunrise"), which provoked the critic Louis Leroy to coin the term in a satirical review published in the Parisian newspaper "Le Charivari".   The development of Impressionism in the visual arts was soon followed by analogous styles in other media that became known as impressionist music and impressionist literature.   Radicals in their time, early Impressionists violated the rules of academic painting. They constructed their pictures from freely brushed colours that took precedence over lines and contours, following the example of painters such as Eugène Delacroix and J. M. W. Turner. They also painted realistic scenes of modern life, and often painted outdoors. Previously, still lifes and portraits as well as landscapes were usually painted in a studio. The Impressionists found that they could capture the momentary and transient effects of sunlight by painting "en plein air". They portrayed overall visual effects instead of details, and used short "broken" brush strokes of mixed and pure unmixed colour—not blended smoothly or shaded, as was customary—to achieve an effect of intense colour vibration.
Jorge Lorenzo climbed from fourth on the grid to win the French MotoGP at a rain-soaked Le Mans on Sunday and take the lead in the championship.   Riding his Yamaha flawlessly in the wet conditions, Lorenzo took the lead on the first lap and eventually finished 9.905 seconds clear of Valentino Rossi, who had the consolation of his best finish so far for Ducati.   Rossi held off a determined Casey Stoner, who finished third in the week he announced he was quitting the sport at the end of the season.   "It was really difficult to hold concentration today, in the dry it's complicated but in the wet it's even more," Lorenzo said. "The race feels much longer and you have to remember where the corners are slippery every lap. If you forget one you can crash very easily."   Lorenzo, who won for the second time this season, leads the championship by eight points from Stoner.   "I was pretty happy to hold on for a podium today," Stoner said. "I enjoyed the battle with Valentino at the end, there was clean overtaking and we swapped positions a few times but in the end we knew that Valentino had better pace than us and after he passed there was no way I could stay with him.   "We did everything we could today and to come away with a podium is a good result."   Stoner's Honda teammate Dani Pedrosa started on pole but ended up fourth, and is now 25 points adrift of Lorenzo. 
The National Association for Stock Car Auto Racing (NASCAR) is an American family-owned and operated business venture that sanctions and governs multiple auto-racing sports events. Bill France Sr. founded the company in 1948 and his grandson Brian France became its CEO in 2003. NASCAR is motorsport's preeminent stock-car racing organization. The three largest racing-series sanctioned by this company are the Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series, the Xfinity Series, and the Camping World Truck Series. The company also oversees NASCAR Local Racing, the Whelen Modified Tour, the Whelen All-American Series, and the NASCAR iRacing.com Series. NASCAR sanctions over 1,500 races at over 100 tracks in 39 of the 50 US states as well as in Canada. NASCAR has presented exhibition races at the Suzuka and Motegi circuits in Japan, the Autódromo Hermanos Rodríguez in Mexico, and the Calder Park Thunderdome in Australia.   NASCAR has its official headquarters in Daytona Beach, Florida, and also maintains offices in the North Carolina cities of Charlotte, Concord, and Conover. Regional offices are located in New York City and Los Angeles, with international offices in Mexico City and Toronto. Owing to NASCAR's Southern roots, all but a handful of NASCAR teams are still based in North Carolina, especially near the city of Charlotte.
The radian is the standard unit of angular measure, used in many areas of mathematics. The length of an arc of a unit circle is numerically equal to the measurement in radians of the angle that it s; one radian is just under 57.3 degrees (expansion at ). The unit was formerly an SI supplementary unit, but this category was abolished in 1995 and the radian is now considered an SI derived unit.   Separately, the SI unit of solid angle measurement is the steradian.   The radian is represented by the symbol rad. An alternative symbol is , the superscript letter c (for "circular measure"), the letter r, or a superscript , but these symbols are infrequently used as it can be easily mistaken for a degree symbol (°) or a radius (r). So, for example, a value of 1.2 radians could be written as 1.2 rad, 1.2 r, 1.2, or 1.2, or 1.2.   Radian describes the plane angle subtended by a circular arc as the length of the arc divided by the radius of the arc. One radian is the angle subtended at the center of a circle by an arc that is equal in length to the radius of the circle. More generally, the magnitude in radians of such a subtended angle is equal to the ratio of the arc length to the radius of the circle; that is, , where "θ" is the subtended angle in radians, "s" is arc length, and "r" is radius. Conversely, the length of the enclosed arc is equal to the radius multiplied by the magnitude of the angle in radians; that is, .
Comcast Corporation, formerly registered as Comcast Holdings,[note 1] is an American multinational mass media company and is the largest broadcasting and largest cable company in the world by revenue. It is the second largest pay-TV company after the AT&T-DirecTV acquisition, largest cable TV company and largest home Internet service provider in the United States, and the nation's third largest home telephone service provider. Comcast services U.S. residential and commercial customers in 40 states and the District of Columbia. The company's headquarters are located in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.   Comcast operates multiple cable-only channels (including E! Entertainment Television, the Golf Channel, and NBCSN), over-the-air national broadcast network channels (NBC and Telemundo), the film production studio Universal Pictures, and Universal Parks & Resorts, with a global total of nearly 200 family entertainment locations and attractions in the U.S. and several other countries including U.A.E., South Korea, Russia and China, with several new locations reportedly planned and being developed for future operation. Comcast also has significant holding in digital distribution (thePlatform). In February 2014 the company agreed to merge with Time Warner Cable in an equity swap deal worth $45.2 billion. Under the terms of the agreement Comcast was to acquire 100% of Time Warner Cable. However, on April 24, 2015, Comcast terminated the agreement.
Manchester City have completed a sensational transfer deadline-day swoop for Brazilian forward Robinho in an estimated £32.5 million ($58 million) deal with Real Madrid, following the English Premier League club's takeover by an Abu Dhabi group on Monday.   Brazilian Robinho joins Manchester City for a British transfer record of £32.5 million.   Chelsea had been leading the chase for Robinho, who had insisted he wanted to play for the London club.   However, Real had stood firm in insisting that they did not want to sell 24-year-old Robinho and refused numerous Chelsea offers in recent weeks, putting an end to that deal.   But City -- with new financial clout provided by their Middle East-based owners -- met the valuation placed on Robinho by the Spanish giants, breaking the British transfer record.   Robinho told City's Web site: "I knew that Manchester City is a very big club, there's a great team there already and this is an exciting project.   "I liked the project, and when City made the offer to Real Madrid, I decided to come here. I liked the plans that Manchester City have and I want to succeed with them."   Robinho confirmed the presence of his international team-mates Jo and Elano at City was a factor in his decision to sign, even though Chelsea appeared a more likely destination at the start of transfer deadline day.   Hughes, who had a playing spell in Spain with Barcelona, has spoken to his new signing and Robinho is keen to work with the former Blackburn and Wales manager. 
(CNN)At the 1994 U.S. Open, John McEnroe said he would commentate on his head if Jan Siemerink won a fourth-set tiebreak after falling behind 6-0 to fellow Dutchman Richard Krajicek.   Guess what? It happened.   Siemerink claimed the next eight points and McEnroe did as he promised in a later match at the season's final major.   No commentators were believed to have said something similar when Stan Wawrinka trailed Guillermo Garcia-Lopez 5-0 and 6-2 in a fourth-set tiebreak Monday at the Australian Open -- and lucky for them.   Just like Siemerink, Wawrinka did the almost unthinkable and pulled off a great escape.   The defending champion at the year's opening grand slam saved five set points in the tiebreak to close out the encounter against the Spaniard 7-6 (2) 6-4 4-6 7-6 (8) and advance to the quarterfinals.   "Losing 5-0 was a bad start to the tiebreak," Wawrinka, upset by Garcia-Lopez at the 2014 French Open, told reporters. "At 6-2 I knew it was close to come back because I had the wind with me.   "I had to focus on every point. I knew if I was going to come back (to) 6-5, (he) was going to get nervous. Just focused point after point."   Wawrinka is flying the Swiss flag after Roger Federer's surprising loss to Andreas Seppi in the third round and the world No. 4 will have to maintain, or increase, his level if he is to continue his winning streak at Melbourne Park.   Wawrinka's quarterfinal opponent, Kei Nishikori, beat the 29-year-old in the last eight in September en route to making the final at the U.S. Open. 
It's become a nightly ritual. When dusk descends, so do they -- by the hundreds, in cities coast to coast.   And the protests over police brutality after recent deaths of unarmed black men might only intensify. Organizers are calling this week a "Week of Outrage," culminating in large demonstrations planned for Saturday in New York and Washington.   Eric Garner Jr., the son of the man who died after a New York police officer held him in a chokehold, said he was proud of how protesters are carrying on.   "It made me feel proud because I don't have to share this moment by myself and my family," the son told CNN's "Erin Burnett OutFront."   "It's amazing how everybody (is) doing this. My father and I appreciate it."   But already this week, peaceful protests across the country have been marred by bouts of violence and crowds that disrupted thousands by shutting down freeways.   Here's the latest on the unrest across the country:   Protesters 'die in'   At New York City's Grand Central Station, protesters Tuesday night re-enacted the chokehold that killed Eric Garner, laid on the ground and chanted.   Demonstrator Dariel Ali, who's participated in New York protests for days, held a sign that said, "My only crime is being black."   "There's a lot of racial profiling going on within the system," he said as protesters chanted behind him.   It's been encouraging to see the ranks of protesters grow in recent days, he said. What's next?   "We gain numbers," Ali said, "and we take the streets, like we always do." 
The Australian Antarctic Territory (AAT) is a part of Antarctica. It was claimed by the United Kingdom and placed under the authority of the Commonwealth of Australia in 1933. It is the largest territory of Antarctica claimed by any nation. In 1961, the Antarctic Treaty came into force. Article 4 deals with territorial claims, and although it does not renounce or diminish any preexisting claims to sovereignty, it also does not prejudice the position of Contracting Parties in their recognition or non-recognition of territorial sovereignty. As a result, only four other states recognise Australia's claim to sovereignty in Antarctica.   AAT consists of all the islands and territory south of 60°S and between 45°E and 160°E, except for Adélie Land (136°E to 142°E), which divides the territory into Western AAT (the larger portion) and Eastern AAT. It is bounded by Queen Maud Land in the West and by Ross Dependency in the East. The area is estimated at 5,896,500 km.   The territory is inhabited by the staff of research stations. The Australian Antarctic Division administers the area primarily by maintaining three year-round stations (Mawson, Davis and Casey), which support various research projects.   The territory is divided into nine districts, which are from West to East: These regions are split into two separate areas geographically, with George V Land and Oates Land lying to the east of the French Territorial claim of Adélie Land, and all other districts lying to its west.
Who needs guard dogs when you have wolves , right? That's probably what Kazakh villagers in the Almaty region though when they decided to replace their dogs with the fierce forest dwelling beasts. According to local news reports, taming wolves is now the latest trend and a sort of hobby among rural Kazakhs.   Nurseit Zhylkyshybay, a farmer from the south-eastern Almaty region, told reporters that he purchased a wolf cub from hunters three years ago, and the animal is now perfectly tamed.   Kurtka, Nurseit's pet wolf, lives in the family's yard and takes long walks through the village with his master. "He's never _ ," Nurseit insisted. "I rarely put him on a chain and do take him for regular walks around the village. Our family and neighbors aren't scared of him at all."   But wolf expert Almas Zhaparov said that the animals are 'far too dangerous' to keep at home. "A wolf is like a ticking bomb, it can go off at any moment," he warned. "If nothing is done, the fashion could spread to the wealthy Kazakhs, who might try to keep wolves in the grounds of their houses, with possibly deadly consequences." Social media users also expressed worry about the trend, accusing the government for failing to limit the practice.   Nevertheless, the wolves don't seem to be posing an immediate threat. If visuals from news reports are anything to go by, the beasts look pretty happy with their new lifestyle, and appear quite fond of their new masters, not unlike dogs.
The Piano Lesson Jenny wasn't interested in playing the piano. She liked writing stories and acting them out with her friends. But Mrs. Windsor gave her piano lessons for free, so she felt she should have a try. Every Sunday she had her piano lessons in Mrs. Windsor's house. One Sunday morning, Jenny walked into Mrs. Windsor's music room and sat down on the piano bench as usual. "Hello," Jenny heard a voice behind her. She turned around and saw a young girl. "What's your name?" The girl asked. Before Jenny could answer, Mrs. Windsor walked in and said, "Jenny, this is my niece , Pasha. Pasha, this is Jenny. I need to go to hospital, so Pasha will give you your lesson today." Pasha sat beside Jenny on the piano bench and asked, "What piece do you like best?" "I don't know." Jenny said. "They're all the same to me." "You mean you don't have a favorite?" Pasha was surprised. "No, not really." Jenny said. Pasha opened Jenny's music book and asked Jenny to play. After about a page or two, Pasha gently put her hand on top of Jenny's. Jenny stopped. Then Pasha said, "Jenny, what are you hearing in the music?" Jenny looked at Pasha strangely. "I don't know." Jenny said. "Let me try and you listen," Pasha said. "All you have to do is learn to hear the stories in the music." "I've never thought of it that way." Jenny said. "Let's try together, shall we?" Pasha smiled. Together they played that afternoon and tried to find the story in the music. That day Jenny found playing the piano was not that difficult.
"It is high time someone explained to you about good manners. Yours are obvious by their absence and I feel sorry for you." These were the words that Carolyn Bourne e-mailed to her son's fiancee , Heidi Withers. The couple had just visited the Bourne family home in England. Within days, the e-mail was all over the Internet, and the subject of manners hit UK national news. Heidi, Mrs Bourne said, stayed in bed too late. She complained when she was hungry and was particular about food. She told rude jokes. Finally, she had never thanked Mrs Bourne for the weekend. But it wasn't just Heidi's behavior that got people talking. Facebook groups started up about the e-mail. The one with the most members was called "Carolyn Bourne needs to learn some manners". People said Mrs Bourne had been too direct. They thought she had been cruel when she told Heidi to go to "finishing school" -- a centre where badly-behaved young women used to be sent. Heidi's father wrote back to Mrs Bourne and called her a "snotty Miss Fancy Pants" -- someone who thinks they are socially better than anyone else. Everyone agreed that there are rules of "good" and "bad" behavior. Everyone agreed that these rules had been broken. However, no one could agree what these rules were -- or whether Heidi or Mrs Bourne was in the wrong. So what does politeness really mean? Is there a secret to social etiquette ? Shirley Schomaker runs a real-life finishing school. She said that both Mrs Bourne and Heidi had been impolite. The true secret, she said in a BBC interview, lies in making everyone feel comfortable. "Social etiquette isn't about being snotty and being in the know ," she said. "It's about making other people feel good. It's about communication. It's about making society get along better."
Mobipocket SA is a French company incorporated in March 2000 that created the codice_1 e-book file format and produces the Mobipocket Reader software for mobile phones, personal digital assistants (PDA) and desktop operating systems.   The Mobipocket software package is free and consists of various publishing and reading tools for PDAs, smartphones, mobile phones, the e-readers Kindle and iLiad, and applications on devices using Symbian, Windows, Palm OS, Java ME and Psion.   On October 31, 2016, Amazon permanently shut down the Mobipocket website and servers.   Mobipocket.com was bought by Amazon.com in 2005. Amazon's acquisition was believed to be a result of Adobe Systems’ announcement that it would no longer sell its eBook packaging and serving software.   An alpha release of the Java-based version of the Mobipocket reader was made available for cellphones on June 30, 2008. There is also a reader for desktop computers running Microsoft Windows, which also works with computers running Mac OS X and Linux using Wine.   It has been widely reported that since Amazon's acquisition of Mobipocket, software support, user support, and platform growth was ended. In December 2011, it was reported that Amazon officially notified the book publishers that it was ending support for Mobipocket. The status of Mobipocket Digital Rights Management (DRM) content previously purchased by users continues to be unclear since no other ebook reader supports its proprietary DRM method.
Hannah was so sad! If she had one wish, it would be that she was well enough to go outside and play. The storm last night had brought a lot of snow, she could see it through the window. The snow caused everything to twinkle and shine, like it was colored with a marker made of glitter. What a way to start Christmas break, with the flu making her stuck on the sofa under a blanket. Hannah's brother was getting ready to go outside and enjoy the snow. He put on his jacket and put her hat on his head. He had to wiggle his gloves out of his pocket, but he was nice and warm. From the sofa, Hannah watched her brother play in the snow with his friends and throw snowballs. Her brother tossed a stone at the pond and it broke through the ice with a splash.
Connie Ley made an unusual request in her will before she died last month in Aurora, Indiana: She asked that her German shepherd, Bela, be euthanized and buried with her.   Three weeks later, however, Bela, who is 9 years old and male, is healthy and very much alive. And there's a growing movement on social media to defy his late owner's wishes and spare the animal.   Ley's attorney, Doug Denmure, told CNN affiliate WCPO-TV that his late client preferred to send Bela to Best Friends Animal Society's no-kill sanctuary in southern Utah to live out the remainder of his days.   But if transporting the dog across the country proved too expensive, Ley wanted a close friend to take charge of Bela and carry out her request that "the dog be put to sleep, cremated and that the dog's ashes be placed with her own ashes."   As it turned out, sending Bela to the Utah animal sanctuary was not financially feasible, Denmure told WXIX-TV, another CNN affiliate. But following a public outcry, a decision about the dog's fate has been put on hold for now, he said.   Bela was with Ley when she died at home November 25. The dog is now being housed in a special kennel at PAWS of Dearborn County Humane Center in Lawrenceburg, Indiana. Director Becky Foster said the center has no legal control over the dog's future and is waiting to hear from Ley's attorney.   "He's been cared for very well," Foster told CNN on Thursday. "We're happy to have him here as long as need be. He has toys and blankies and he's just chilling." 
Consumer electronics once again topped the list of the most wanted gifts this holiday season. "Seventy-six percent of consumers who plan to buy holiday gifts say that they will spend money buying at least one technology product; definitely a solid vote of confidence for technology." Steve Koenig is with the Consumer Electronics Association. He says the group's latest research also shows that Americans this year are spending more on technology products.   "Here in 2012, $252 on average-the technology spend for consumers this year." From tablet computers to smartphones, American shoppers have been lining up to get the newest and coolest electronic devices on the market. There are more choices today than ever before. "It's kind of hard to make a decision."   Tablet computers are one of the best-selling products this year. Brian Tong is Senior Editor of CNET.com. The website reports on tech news and examines the latest electronic products. He says the Apple iPad Mini is one of the most popular tablets. Its starting price is $329. One of Apple's biggest competitors is the Google Nexus 7. It starts at $199.   "The hardware inside is more powerful than what's in the iPad Mini, but also it offers you a lot of things like maps that work better than Apple's maps." Brian Tong says there is one reason why people may like the iPad Mini more than the Nexus 7. "If you just want to read books and surf the Internet, you don't really need to get an iPad Mini, but if you want the largest group of apps that's where the iPad and Apple's ecosystem shines the most."   Elman Chacon is with the electronics store Best Buy. He says another hot product this season is smart cameras. They connect to the Internet through Wi-Fi. This makes it easy for users to email or upload photographs directly from the camera. "You can literally take a picture, upload it into your Facebook in a matter of seconds. These things are pretty cool because they do a lot of things."   Streaming media boxes also connect to the Internet. People are able to watch web content such as movies and YouTube videos on their televisions. Another popular item is wireless speaker systems. The newest ones work with any device that has Bluetooth technology, including smartphones, laptops and tablets.   With the growing popularity of Internet shopping, many consumers will visit a store first to look at a product, and then go online to find it at a lower price. Stores like Best Buy understand that and they want to stay competitive.   "We have something called the perfect match promise which means if you buy a certain device and you find it cheaper within 30 days we'll go ahead and price match that for you." Elman Chacon said.
A survivor of a massacre in Mexico that left 72 dead is advising other would-be migrants to stay at home to avoid a fate like the one his companions met.   The victims in the killings, which happened in northern Mexico, were migrants from Central and South America who were on their journey north.   In an interview with Ecuadorean state television, the survivor, identified as Luis Freddy Lala, spoke about the harrowing ordeal. Although his name has been released, his face was blurred on camera.   Lala said his journey began in Ecuador, and from there he traveled to Honduras and then to Guatemala. During that leg of the trip, "everything was fine," he said.   From Guatemala he crossed into Mexico and made it with a large group of migrants to the northeastern Mexican state of Tamaulipas.   Three cars surrounded the vehicle he was riding in, and a group of heavily armed men stepped out, forcing him into another car.   The migrants were taken to a house, where they were tied up in groups of four, Lala said.   Then, at one point, the hostages were all thrown on the ground, face-down.   "I heard them shooting at my friends," he said. "They shot me and they killed everyone else."   From the broadcast portions of the interview, it was not clear what the motive for the massacre might have been.   As soon as the gunmen finished, they left the premises, Lala said.   "When they left I waited two minutes, got up and left the house," he said. He walked all night and into the morning until he found a military checkpoint where he asked for help. Along the way, Lala said, he was denied help from two men he encountered. 
Audrey Hepburn was born on May 4, 1929 in Brussels, Belgium. She really was blue-blood from the beginning with her father, a wealthy English banker, and her mother, a Dutch baroness . After her parents divorced, Audrey went to London with her mother where she went to a private girls school. In World War II she fell on hard times during the Nazi occupation, and Audrey suffered from depression and malnutrition. After the liberation she headed to America to try her luck there.   Audrey gained immediate prominence in the US with her role in Roman Holiday in 1953. This film turned out to be a smashing success as she won an Oscar as Best Actress. This gained her enormous popularity and more roles. Roman Holiday was followed by another similarly wonderful performance in the 1957 classic Funny Face. Sabrina, in 1954, for which she received another Academy nomination, and Love in the Afternoon, in 1957, also garnered rave reviews . One of Audrey's most radiant roles was in the fine production of My Fair Lady, in 1964. Her co-star Rex Harrison once was asked to identify his favorite leading lady. Without hesitation, he replied, "Audrey Hepburn in MY FAIR LADY". After a couple of other movies, she gained another nomination in 1967's Wait Until Dark.   By the end of the sixties, after her divorce from actor Mel Ferrer, Audrey decided to retire while she was on top. Later she married Dr. Andrea Dotti. From time to time, she would appear on the silver screen. In 1988, Audrey became a special ambassador to the United Nations UNICEF(United Nations Children's Fund)fund helping children in Latin America and Africa, a position she retained until 1993. She was named to People's magazine as one of the 50 most beautiful people in the world. Her last film was Always in 1989. Audrey Hepburn died on January 20, 1993 in Tolochnaz, Switzerland. She had made a total of 31 high quality movies. Her elegance and style will always be remembered in film history as evidenced by her being named to Empire magazine's "The Top 100 Movie Stars of All Time".
Humanism is a philosophical and ethical stance that emphasizes the value and agency of human beings, individually and collectively, and generally prefers critical thinking and evidence (rationalism, empiricism) over acceptance of dogma or superstition. The meaning of the term humanism has fluctuated according to the successive intellectual movements which have identified with it. Generally, however, humanism refers to a perspective that affirms some notion of human freedom and progress. In modern times, humanist movements are typically aligned with secularism, and today humanism typically refers to a non-theistic life stance centred on human agency and looking to science rather than revelation from a supernatural source to understand the world.   Gellius says that in his day humanitas is commonly used as a synonym for philanthropy – or kindness and benevolence toward one's fellow human being. Gellius maintains that this common usage is wrong, and that model writers of Latin, such as Cicero and others, used the word only to mean what we might call "humane" or "polite" learning, or the Greek equivalent Paideia. Gellius became a favorite author in the Italian Renaissance, and, in fifteenth-century Italy, teachers and scholars of philosophy, poetry, and rhetoric were called and called themselves "humanists". Modern scholars, however, point out that Cicero (106 – 43 BCE), who was most responsible for defining and popularizing the term humanitas, in fact frequently used the word in both senses, as did his near contemporaries. For Cicero, a lawyer, what most distinguished humans from brutes was speech, which, allied to reason, could (and should) enable them to settle disputes and live together in concord and harmony under the rule of law. Thus humanitas included two meanings from the outset and these continue in the modern derivative, humanism, which even today can refer to both humanitarian benevolence and to scholarship.
As prices and building costs keep rising, "the do-it-yourself"(DIY)trend in the US continues to grow. "We needed furniture for our living room," says John Kose, "and we didn't have enough money to buy it." So we decided to try making a few tables and chairs. John got married six months ago, and like many young people these days, they are struggling to make a home when the cost of living is very high. The Koses took a 2-week course for $ 280 at a night school. Now they build all their furniture and make repairs around the house. Jim Hatfield has three boys and his wife died. He has a full-time job at home as well as in a shoe-making factory. Last month, he received a car repair bill for $420. "I was very upset about it. Now I've finished a car repair course. I should be able to fix the car myself. " John and Jim are not unusual people. Most families in the country are doing everything they can save money so they can fight the high cost of living. If you want to become a "do-it-yourself", you can go to DIY classes. And for those who don't have time to take a course, there are books that tell you how to do things yourself.
Authorities have captured one of Colombia's last great crime bosses, President Juan Manuel Santos said Tuesday night.   Accused drug lord Daniel "El Loco" Barrera was captured in San Cristobal, Venezuela, Santos said. Barrera is accused of alliances with paramilitaries and the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia guerrilla group in addition to drug trafficking crimes over a period of more than 20 years.   "He is the last of the great (crime) bosses. This is very forceful blow," Santos said in televised remarks.   "This is a very important step toward the security that we want to achieve in this country," he said.   The operation, directed from Washington, came about with collaboration between British, Colombian, U.S. and Venezuelan officials, Santos said.   "I want to thank the Venezuelan government, President (Hugo) Chavez and his team, for this great collaboration that has produced this capture," Santos said.   The MI6 British intelligence agency and the CIA also assisted, he said.   Venezuela's interior minister will discuss Barrera's capture and "the seizure of more than a ton of drugs" in a news conference Wednesday morning, the nation's information ministry said in a statement.   In October 2010, Colombian authorities said they found more than $29 million and 17 million euros in cash stashed in two homes that Barrera owned. At the time the South American country's defense minister called it the "biggest drug-money seizure operation in the country's history."   Earlier that year, the U.S. Department of the Treasury said Barrera played a significant role in international drug trafficking and described him as one of Colombia's most wanted drug traffickers, noting in a statement that the Colombian government had offered a $2.5-million reward for information leading to his capture. 
In the office of the German Chancellor Angela Merkel, there is a picture of Catherine the Great, the legendary Russian Empress. When asked why she has the picture, Merkel says, "She was a strong woman". Many say the same of Merkel.   The most powerful woman in the world, according to US Forbes magazine, was in China last week. She came to discuss trade and environmental issues with China's top leaders. Germany's first woman leader is known as a brave and practical statesman . Even since her time at school, she had the habit of getting everything in order. Every day before doing her homework she would clean the desk and think about what to do next. "I prefer a long time for full preparations to make my decision. But once I decide, I will stand up for what I believe," Merkel said.   Perhaps it was good habits that helped her do well in her studies. At 32, she got a doctorate in physics and then she worked as a researcher.   However, the life of a scholar couldn't put off her love of politics. While working in labs, Merkel took time off to read political books and at last joined a political party. "Her calmness helped her stand out in the party. She could always find a way out while others felt hopeless," said one of her old friends.   In her first big political job as Minister for the Environment in 1994, her scientific background proved very useful. In 2005 she became Germany's youngest chancellor since the second World War.   Now half way through her four-year term, the 53-year-old woman has made a name for herself both in Germany and abroad. At the EU summit in 2005 when France quarreled with Britain over the EU budget , some people believed the EU was close to breaking down. But Merkel didn't give up. She shuttled between the heads of the two powers and had them reached an agreement.   "Strength comes from composure and courage. Many people say I am a strong woman. But I would rather say I have perseverance," said Merkel.
The man behind the Apple empire died at 56 last year. He was one of the people who made Silicon Valley the capital of technological invention. Author and business consultant Jim Collins once called Jobs the "Beethoven of business". When asked what Steve Jobs will be best remembered for, many of us would name a particular product:the iPod, the iPhone or the iPad, for example. But in the eyes of Eric Jackson, a reporter with Forbes magazine, Jobs brought the world much more than these popular devices . Here are some of the lessons he taught us:   1. The most lasting inventions mix art and science. Jobs pointed out that the team members working with Apple were trained in anthropology , art, history, and poetry. He believed this was important in making Apple's products stand out.   2. Never fear failure. Jobs was fired by the successor he himself chose. It was one of the most public embarrassments of the last 30 years in business. However, Jobs didn't hide away or try to get a new job. He _ and got back to work.   3. You can't look forward to connecting the dots--you can only look backward. This means that, however much we try to plan things ahead of time, life is always full of unexpected things. What seems like bitter pain and defeat could turn out to sow the seeds of unimaginable success in years to come. You can't connect the dots looking forward. But you have to trust that all the dots will be connected in the future.   4. Listen to that voice in tile back of your head that tells you if you're on the right track or not. Most of us simply decide that we're going to work in finance or become a doctor because it's what our parents tell us to do. Whatever your voice is telling you, it is smart to listen to it--like Jobs did.   Just as Caroline and Amy from his empire put it, "Steve was one of the most inspiring yet toughest boss ever--but who else could have built Apple? What Steve left is sure to inspire generations of creative thinkers to think differently. His influence will be felt throughout the world."
Baseball statistics play an important role in evaluating a player's and/or team's progress.   Since the flow of a baseball game has natural breaks to it, and normally players act individually rather than performing in clusters, the sport lends itself to easy record-keeping and statistics. Statistics have been kept for professional baseball since the creation of the National League and American League, now part of Major League Baseball.   Many statistics are also available from outside of Major League Baseball, from leagues such as the National Association of Professional Base Ball Players and the Negro Leagues, although the consistency of whether these records were kept, of the standards with respect to which they were calculated, and of their accuracy varied.   The practice of keeping records of player achievements was started in the 19th century by Henry Chadwick. Based on his experience with the sport of cricket, Chadwick devised the predecessors to modern-day statistics including batting average, runs scored, and runs allowed.   Traditionally, statistics such as batting average (the number of hits divided by the number of at bats) and earned run average (the average number of earned runs allowed by a pitcher per nine innings) have dominated attention in the statistical world of baseball. However, the recent advent of sabermetrics has created statistics drawing from a greater breadth of player performance measures and playing field variables. Sabermetrics and comparative statistics attempt to provide an improved measure of a player's performance and contributions to his team from year to year, frequently against a statistical performance average.
Saint Helena (/ˌseɪnt həˈliːnə/ SAYNT-hə-LEE-nə) is a volcanic tropical island in the South Atlantic Ocean, 4,000 kilometres (2,500 mi) east of Rio de Janeiro and 1,950 kilometres (1,210 mi) west of the Cunene River, which marks the border between Namibia and Angola in southwestern Africa. It is part of the British Overseas Territory of Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha. Saint Helena measures about 16 by 8 kilometres (10 by 5 mi) and has a population of 4,255 (2008 census). It was named after Saint Helena of Constantinople.   The island was uninhabited when discovered by the Portuguese in 1502. One of the most remote islands in the world, it was for centuries an important stopover for ships sailing to Europe from Asia and South Africa. Napoleon was imprisoned there in exile by the British, as were Dinuzulu kaCetshwayo (for leading a Zulu army against British rule) and more than 5,000 Boers taken prisoner during the Second Boer War.
This week, 46-year-old Randy Pausch said goodbye to his students at Carnegie Mellon University with the last lecture called "How to Live Your Childhood Dreams" on his life's journey and the lessons he's learned. In the lecture, he showed the audience how serious his illness was and admitted it was "an elephant in the room", but he was not that discouraged and he made jokes in his lecture. Randy is not just another story on Good Morning America or even on the local news here in Pittsburgh. He is a man I worked for, a Professor of Liam's and a friend of the family. Randy is dying of Pancreatic cancer and in his words only has "3 to 6 months of quality life".   We met Randy about 5 years ago when Liam and I went to a Building Virtual Worlds show. Liam was hooked and applied to get his master under Randy at the Entertainment and Technology Center or ETC. Randy even came to our home for Liam's graduation party and earlier that year we saw the Flying Karamazov Brothers with him and his wife Jaye. Liam got to know Randy as a professional over the course of two years as a graduate student and then as a faculty member. Randy has three children all under the age of 6. Dillon, his oldest, Ross is younger and the youngest is only 9 months old, Lily. I believe Randy is a good man for a few simple reasons. He gave my husband a future doing something he loves, and he was a kind boss, but the thing I admire most about Randy is that you always know where you stand with him. He may be blunt and harsh at times but you know he is honest. He will be greatly missed at Carnegie Mellon. I wish Jaye and the children the best that life has to offer. Please click on the above underlined link and watch his inspiring lecture. It will be worth your time.
The economy of Himachal Pradesh is currently the third-fastest growing economy in India.[citation needed] Himachal Pradesh has been ranked fourth in the list of the highest per capita incomes of Indian states. This has made it one of the wealthiest places in the entire South Asia. Abundance of perennial rivers enables Himachal to sell hydroelectricity to other states such as Delhi, Punjab, and Rajasthan. The economy of the state is highly dependent on three sources: hydroelectric power, tourism, and agriculture.[citation needed]   After independence, the Chief Commissioner's Province of H.P. came into being on 15 April 1948 as a result of integration of 28 petty princely states (including feudal princes and zaildars) in the promontories of the western Himalaya, known in full as the Simla Hills States and four Punjab southern hill states by issue of the Himachal Pradesh (Administration) Order, 1948 under Sections 3 and 4 of the Extra-Provincial Jurisdiction Act, 1947 (later renamed as the Foreign Jurisdiction Act, 1947 vide A.O. of 1950). The State of Bilaspur was merged in the Himachal Pradesh on 1 April 1954 by the Himachal Pradesh and Bilaspur (New State) Act, 1954. Himachal became a part C state on 26 January 1950 with the implementation of the Constitution of India and the Lt. Governor was appointed. Legislative Assembly was elected in 1952. Himachal Pradesh became a union territory on 1 November 1956. Following area of Punjab State namely Simla, Kangra, Kulu and Lahul and Spiti Districts, Nalagarh tehsil of Ambala District, Lohara, Amb and Una kanungo circles, some area of Santokhgarh kanungo circle and some other specified area of Una tehsil of Hoshiarpur District besides some parts of Dhar Kalan Kanungo circle of Pathankot tehsil of Gurdaspur District; were merged with Himachal Pradesh on 1 November 1966 on enactment of Punjab Reorganisation Act, 1966 by the Parliament. On 18 December 1970, the State of Himachal Pradesh Act was passed by Parliament and the new state came into being on 25 January 1971. Thus Himachal emerged as the 18th state of the Indian Union.
Gary Oldman is doubling down on his apology for his recent Playboy interview.   The British actor appeared on "Jimmy Kimmel Live!" on Wednesday to say in person what he's already said to the Anti-Defamation League in a letter: He very much regrets the remarks he made to Playboy about Jewish people and Hollywood.   Gary Oldman apologizes for remarks   "I said some things that were poorly considered," a subdued Oldman told Kimmel. "Once I saw it in print, I could see that it was offensive, insensitive, pernicious and ill-informed."   In the Playboy interview, Oldman gives his unfiltered opinion on political correctness and how it's impacted controversial actors like Alec Baldwin and Mel Gibson, the latter of whom has used anti-Semitic language in the past.   "Mel Gibson is in a town that's run by Jews and he said the wrong thing because he's actually bitten the hand that I guess has fed him -- and doesn't need to feed him anymore because he's got enough dough," Oldman told the magazine. "But some Jewish guy in his office somewhere hasn't turned and said, 'That f**king kraut' or 'F**k those Germans,' whatever it is? We all hide and try to be so politically correct. That's what gets me. It's just the sheer hypocrisy of everyone."   Gary Oldman goes off on hypocrisy, political correctness   Within a day of Playboy releasing its interview, Oldman wrote the ADL to tell it he was "deeply remorseful" for what he said. And on "Jimmy Kimmel Live," Oldman took the extra step to also apologize to his fans. 
The king, Banton, stood over his men who were tired from fighting. The dragons were not as tired as the men. He could not let any more pain happen to his men. He ordered the men to run away. The men went to the village. "Everyone must run for the hills."   Charlie, the purple dragon let out a roar, and sent fire into the sky from his mouth. "That's right! Run little man! Run!" Luna and Milkyway, the grey and black dragons, cheered and celebrated the win. The dragons went to the river and started eating berries, and fruits. "Now we celebrate! We have what we want! Now we won't be hungry anymore!" Charlie cheered. "Good things are sure to come from this win over the humans!"   Luna, not so sure, watched the humans running for their lives.   The villagers could only watch the dragons take food from their land, afraid. They went to pack their things. They would need to leave with the king, and his men. There would be no soldiers to protect them from the dragons. Men, women, and children all ran around in confusion trying to get away. Before long, the village was vacated. It was okay; the villagers found a new home in the hills.
For some people, music is no fun at all. About 4% of the population is what scientists call "amusic". People who are amusic are born without the ability to enjoy musical notes. Amusic people often cannot tell the differences between two songs. As a result, songs sound like noise to an amusic. Many amuics compare the sound of music to pieces of metal hitting each other. Life can be hard for amusics. In fact, most people cannot begin to understand what it feels like to be an amusic. Just going to a restaurant or a shopping center can be uncomfortable or even painful. That is why many amusics have to stay away from places where there is music. However, this can result in social loneliness. "I used to hate parties," says Margaret, a seventy-year-old woman who only recently discovered that she was amusic. By studying people like Margaret, scientists are finally learning how to identify this unusual condition. Scientists say that the brains of amusics are different from those of people who can enjoy music. The difference is complex , and it is not connected with poor hearing. Amusics can understand other non-musical sounds well. They also have no problems understanding common speech. Scientists compare amusics to people who just can't see certain colors. Many amusics are happy when their condition is finally diagnosed . For years, Margaret felt embarrassed about her problem music. Now she knows that she is not alone. That makes it easier for her to explain. When people invite me to a concert, I just say "No, thanks. I'm amusic." says Margret.
Billy had a pet turtle that he took good care of, everyday. His turtle's name was Tumble. Tumble liked to walk around outside in the garden and dig small holes to sleep in. Billy loved Tumble and would visit him outside when he got home from school. Tumble's favorite food was oatmeal. So, every day after school, Billy would make Tumble a big bowl of oatmeal and take it outside for Tumble to enjoy. Tumble would see Billy and walk up to him as fast as a turtle can go. Billy would put the bowl down and wait for Tumble to come up to the bowl to eat from it. When Tumble reached the bowl, he put his nose on it. But, the oatmeal was too hot to eat. Billy reached down and blew on the hot oatmeal, to cool it down for Tumble to eat. Once the oatmeal was cool enough, Tumble could dig in and eat his big bowl of oatmeal. Billy loved to watch as Tumble ate his bowl of oatmeal, because Billy took good care of Tumble, everyday.
President Barack Obama told a Labor Day crowd in Detroit that he's prepared to fight for a new job growth plan, defend organized labor and take steps to "restore the middle class in America," while five Republican candidates hoping to defeat him next year all called for repealing the major legislation passed so far in Obama's presidency.   The Republican presidential candidates participating in the Palmetto Freedom Forum in Columbia, South Carolina, which was televised on CNN, were unified in advocating the end of the health care reform law and the Wall Street reform measure passed by a Democratic-led Congress.   They also all expressed strong anti-abortion views and their belief in marriage being between a man and a woman at the event set up by Sen. Jim DeMint, a leading tea party conservative.   Meanwhile, in the early primary states of New Hampshire and South Carolina, other Republican presidential contenders ripped Obama's handling of the economy and pledged to take an economically battered America in a new direction marked by less spending and fewer regulations.   The sharply differing visions raised new questions about the ability of top Democrats and Republicans to tackle pressing budgetary and other issues while positioning themselves for what promises to be a bitterly contested campaign next year.   In a speech that likely previewed his scheduled address Thursday to a joint session of Congress to present a jobs plan, Obama directly challenged Republicans, whom he has accused of obstructing progress in order to score political points.   "These are tough times for working Americans," Obama told the union-dominated crowd at a rally that included a warm-up from Aretha Franklin. "The time for Washington games is over. The time for action is now." 
Attention to detail is something everyone can and should do -- especially in tight job market. Bob Crossley, a human-resources expert notices this in the job applications that come across his desk every day. "It's amazing how many candidates _ themselves," he says.   "Resumes arrive with faults. Some candidates don't bother to spell the company's name correctly. Once I see a mistake, I cross out the candidates," Crossley concludes. "If they cannot take care of these details, why should we trust them with a job?"   Can we pay too much attention to details? Perfectionists struggle over little things at the cost of something larger they work toward. "To keep from losing the forest for the trees," says Charles Garfield, the professor at the University of California, San Francisco, "We must constantly ask ourselves how the details we're working on fit into the larger picture. If they don't, we should drop them and move to something else."   Garfield compares this process to his work as a computer scientist at NASA. "The Apollo II moon launch was slightly off course 90 percent of the time," says Garfield. "But a successful landing was still likely because we knew the exact position of our goal. This allowed us to make adjustments as necessary." Knowing where to go helps us judge the importance of every task we undertake.   Too often we believe what accounts for others' success is some special secret or a lucky break. But rarely is success so mysterious. Again and again, we see that by doing little things within our grasp well, large rewards follow.
The NCBI houses a series of databases relevant to biotechnology and biomedicine and is an important resource for bioinformatics tools and services. Major databases include GenBank for DNA sequences and PubMed, a bibliographic database for the biomedical literature. Other databases include the NCBI Epigenomics database. All these databases are available online through the Entrez search engine.   NCBI was directed by David Lipman, one of the original authors of the BLAST sequence alignment program and a widely respected figure in bioinformatics. He also leads an intramural research program, including groups led by Stephen Altschul (another BLAST co-author), David Landsman, Eugene Koonin (a prolific author on comparative genomics), John Wilbur, Teresa Przytycka, and Zhiyong Lu. David Lipman stood down from his post in May 2017.   NCBI is listed in the Registry of Research Data Repositories re3data.org.   NCBI has had responsibility for making available the GenBank DNA sequence database since 1992. GenBank coordinates with individual laboratories and other sequence databases such as those of the European Molecular Biology Laboratory (EMBL) and the DNA Data Bank of Japan (DDBJ).   Since 1992, NCBI has grown to provide other databases in addition to GenBank. NCBI provides Gene, Online Mendelian Inheritance in Man, the Molecular Modeling Database (3D protein structures), dbSNP (a database of single-nucleotide polymorphisms), the Reference Sequence Collection, a map of the human genome, and a taxonomy browser, and coordinates with the National Cancer Institute to provide the Cancer Genome Anatomy Project. The NCBI assigns a unique identifier (taxonomy ID number) to each species of organism.
A treaty is an agreement under international law entered into by actors in international law, namely sovereign states and international organizations. A treaty may also be known as an (international) agreement, protocol, covenant, convention, pact, or exchange of letters, among other terms. Regardless of terminology, all of these forms of agreements are, under international law, equally considered treaties and the rules are the same.   Treaties can be loosely compared to contracts: both are means of willing parties assuming obligations among themselves, and a party to either that fails to live up to their obligations can be held liable under international law.   A treaty is an official, express written agreement that states use to legally bind themselves. A treaty is the official document which expresses that agreement in words; and it is also the objective outcome of a ceremonial occasion which acknowledges the parties and their defined relationships.   Since the late 19th century, most treaties have followed a fairly consistent format. A treaty typically begins with a preamble describing the contracting parties and their joint objectives in executing the treaty, as well as summarizing any underlying events (such as a war). Modern preambles are sometimes structured as a single very long sentence formatted into multiple paragraphs for readability, in which each of the paragraphs begins with a verb (desiring, recognizing, having, and so on).
As senior World Cup photographer for leading agency Getty, Shaun Botterill has snapped pictures of every tournament since 1994.   He has found himself in some pretty privileged positions, capturing compelling images of football's greats -- and poignant, intimate shots away from the on-field action.   Sure, you have to be lucky to capture certain key moments when they happen, says Botterill. But he is also a firm believer in creating your own luck: being prepared when the magic unfolds on the pitch.   "I think knowledge of the sport is particularly important, because certain players have different styles," the Briton tells CNN's Sports Photo Masterclass series.   "A midfielder is more creative; he's always going to be looking for that pass. And you've got players like Ronaldo who will run a play -- he'll challenge plays, he'll make pictures. So that's where you get those big action shots.   "Generally the good players that just want to win and score make better pictures."   It's been said that eyes are the windows to the soul. Botterill says he's learned that focusing on players' eyes helps photographers to anticipate their moves.   While covering the trophy ceremony at the 2006 World Cup in Germany -- a tournament he describes as one of his favorite events to have worked at -- Botterill caught a glimmer in Italy captain Fabio Cannavaro's eyes as he stood with his team for the presentation.   "Once Cannavaro got the trophy, he didn't just grab it," Botterill recalls.   "You could see he had something in his mind to do. Things seemed to slow down and I thought I knew what was going to happen next." 
A boy called Mario had many friends, and he was proud of it. Whoever he met, he would like to show off how popular he was at school. One day, his grandpa said to him, "Mario, I know that you don't have as many friends as you think. Many of them are not true to you." Mario thought maybe his grandpa was right. However, he wasn't sure how he could test whether his schoolmates were real friends or not, so he asked his grandpa. The old man answered, "I have just exactly what you need. It's in my room. Wait a minute." The old man left, soon returning as if carrying something in his hand, but Mario could see nothing there. "Take it. It's a very special chair. Because it's _ , it will be hard for you to sit on it. However, if you manage to sit on it, you can use the chair's magic power to tell who your real friends are." Mario took the strange invisible chair to school. At break time he asked everyone to form a circle, and he put himself in the middle, with his chair. "Nobody move. You're about to see something amazing," said Mario. Then he tried sitting on the chair. Having difficulty seeing it, he missed and fell to the ground. Everyone had a pretty good laugh. "Wait, wait," said Mario, making another try. But again he missed the seat. Mario didn't give up. He kept trying to sit on the magic chair. Finally, he did it. This time he felt himself in mid-air. Then he experienced the magic that his grandpa had been talking about. Looking around, Mario saw George, Lucas and Diana holding him up, so he wouldn't fall. But some schoolmates whom he had regarded as friends had done nothing but made fun of him. Mario was quite thankful to his grandpa, who helped him test who his true friends were.
Students at New Market Elementary School had a fitter lifestyle last week. About 50 students participated in a 30-minute workout after school on Friday in the school's gym. This was a Fit Fridays program introduced at the school by Families Plus, a non-profit group that provides programs to enrich the lives of families and children in Frederick County. The free program aims to encourage students from kindergarten through fifth grade to be physically active by having them participate in various age-appropriate activities designed to promote a love of exercise, according to Kim Ragan, head of the program. The program, which started at the school on Nov.9, 2012, has since become a hit, Ragan said. Emily Liston, 37, said the program allows students to focus on fitness as a priority in their lives. "There're so many things to stop them from being active," she said. "So, anything to keep them moving is good, especially in the winter months". Jennifer Mitchell, 40, whose daughter Alexandra, 7, participated in the Fit Fridays program, said that learning the importance of being active isn't the only thing students are learning from the new program. "It's a great opportunity for them to get some exercise and also to learn to get along and socialize, to learn teamwork," she said. "In school they have to do activities like this but they want to do it." Riley Glynn, 9, a fourth grader at the school, said his favorite part of the program is getting to spend more time with his friends. "It's fun to play with people," Riley said. "It's like physical education after school but it really helps you." "You learn how to make yourself stronger," said Megan Hummel, 7, a first grader. Ragan said she plans to expand the program to include other schools in the county, but she has been having trouble finding fitness instructors to participate. "As soon as I can get instructors to teach we'll expand," she said.
Ashton Carter, the former second-in-command at the Pentagon, appears to be the top choice to replace outgoing Secretary Chuck Hagel.   Barring any last minute complications, Ash Carter will be President Barack Obama's choice as the new Secretary of Defense, several U.S. administration officials told CNN.   An administration official had said that Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson, a former General Counsel at the Pentagon, was also still on the list of possibilities, but on Tuesday morning, sources said Johnson was no longer being considered. The prospect of an additional confirmation hearing for Johnson's replacement if he were to move to the Pentagon as the Senate switches to Republican control would have been problematic for the White House.   Related: Was Hagel doomed from the start?   Hagel announced his resignation last week, but has said he will stay on until his successor is confirmed by the Senate.   Carter, who served as Deputy Defense Secretary under both Leon Panetta and Hagel, would bring a wide range of experience to a department confronting multiple crises in the Middle East and preparing to enter a new phase in Afghanistan as the NATO combat mission ends.   Carter's ability to hit the ground running from his past experience at the Pentagon, in addition to the respect many senior military leaders have for him are seen as major benefits to winning confirmation should Obama nominate him.   "His career has sort of prepared him perfectly for this kind of a moment," says Michael O'Hanlon, a defense industry analyst at the Brookings Institution. 
Ruby is a dynamic, reflective, object-oriented, general-purpose programming language. It was designed and developed in the mid-1990s by Yukihiro "Matz" Matsumoto in Japan.   According to its creator, Ruby was influenced by Perl, Smalltalk, Eiffel, Ada, and Lisp. It supports multiple programming paradigms, including functional, object-oriented, and imperative. It also has a dynamic type system and automatic memory management.   Ruby was conceived on February 24, 1993. In a 1999 post to the "ruby-talk" mailing list, Ruby author Yukihiro Matsumoto describes some of his early ideas about the language:   Matsumoto describes the design of Ruby as being like a simple Lisp language at its core, with an object system like that of Smalltalk, blocks inspired by higher-order functions, and practical utility like that of Perl.   The name "Ruby" originated during an online chat session between Matsumoto and Keiju Ishitsuka on February 24, 1993, before any code had been written for the language. Initially two names were proposed: "Coral" and "Ruby". Matsumoto chose the latter in a later e-mail to Ishitsuka. Matsumoto later noted a factor in choosing the name "Ruby" – it was the birthstone of one of his colleagues.   The first public release of Ruby 0.95 was announced on Japanese domestic newsgroups on December 21, 1995. Subsequently, three more versions of Ruby were released in two days. The release coincided with the launch of the Japanese-language "ruby-list" mailing list, which was the first mailing list for the new language.
Did we almost lose Bono?   The rear hatch of the aircraft taking the U2 lead singer from Dublin to Berlin was missing when the aircraft landed at Berlin Schonefeld Airport on Wednesday.   Besides Bono (whose real name is Paul Hewson), there were two pilots and four other passengers on board, according to Germout Freitag, an official with the German Federal Bureau of Aircraft Accident Investigation.   U2 is scheduled to perform Thursday at the Bambi Awards, Germany's version of the Emmys. Other members of the band were traveling separately.   The ground crew discovered that the hatch was missing shortly after the aircraft landed at 12:26 a.m., 11 minutes after it blew off, Freitag said.   Bono apologizes for free iTunes album   "The ground crew realized the door was gone and two suitcases had fallen out," Freitag said.   "Officials have not yet located the two suitcases or the hatch door, but they have been able to pinpoint the area where they are likely to have landed by the radar."   The bureau has started in an investigation into the incident's cause.   "The investigation will take at least six to eight weeks and will be greatly hampered if the door is not located," Freitag said.   While officials "have no idea at the moment what caused this and need to examine both the door and the area of the plane," Freitag said he believes the rear hatch was not properly closed.   "This sort of thing is not common."   Bono didn't seem fazed by the midair scare. A short time later, he met with Walter Lindner, Germany's special representative on Ebola. 
The light from the campfire brightened the darkness, but it could not prevent the damp cold of Dennis's Swamp creeping into their bones. It was a strange place. Martin and Tom wished that they had not accepted Jack's _ . They liked camping, but not near this swamp.   "So," Martin asked as they sat watching the hot coals. "How did this place get its name?"   "Are you sure you want to hear it ? It's a scary story," warned Jack.   "Of course!" cried out Tom. "If there were anything to be scared of, you wouldn't have chosen this place!"   "Ok, but don't say I didn't warn you," said Jack, and he began this tale.   "Way back in time, a man called Dennis tried to start a farm here. He built that cottage over there to live in. In those days, the area looked quite different ---- it was covered with tall trees and the swamp was a crystal-clear river. After three hard years, Dennis had cleared several fields and planted crops. He was so proud of his success that he refused to listen to advice.   "'You are clearing too much land,' warned one old man. ' The land is a living thing. It will hit back at you if you abuse it. '   "'Silly fool,' said Dennis to himself. 'If I clear more land, I can grow more crops. I'll become wealthier. He's just jealous!'"   "Dennis continued to chop down trees. Small animals that relied on them for food and shelter were destroyed. He was so eager to expand his farm that he did not notice the river flowing slowly towards his door. He did not notice salt seeping to the surface of the land. He did not notice swamp plants choking all the native plants."   "What happened?" Martin asked. It was growing colder. He trembled, twisting his body closer to the fire.   "The land hit back ---- just as the old man warned," Jack shrugged. "Dennis disappeared. Old folks around here believe that swamp plants moved up from the river and dragged him underwater. His body was never found."   "What a stupid story," laughed Tom. "Plants can't ..." Before he had finished speaking, he screamed and fainted . The other two boys jumped up with fright, staring at Tom. Suddenly, they burst out laughing. Some green swamp ivy had covered Tom's face. It was a while before Tom could appreciate the joke.
I'm Marie. I work in a nursing home and my job is to look after the old people. Alice is one of them. She's a very nice old woman. This year, Alice had a difficult time. She went to hospital twice. In November, I finally could get her back to her "home". Alice hoped that her daughter could come to visit her on Christmas Eve because she wanted to be with her family, like the old days. But her daughter was coming after Christmas, so she was very sad. I also felt sad because she would be alone on the holiday! On Christmas Eve, I took her to a candlelight service at church that night. I didn't take her to my church. I took her to the church in her old neighborhood. We got there early and I let her sit near the door, so people could see her when they came in. Soon some of her friends came to the church and they all talked to her and sat with her. Alice got a lot of love from her old and new friends there. She said she loved the gift like this. That night, I thought I got the best gift: the smile on Alice's face. .
The room had a high ceiling and white walls. The lunch was in the center of the room on a stand. The hamster was the first to see the lunch and ran over to it. "What a delicious lunch," he said, "I wish there was something for me to eat it with!"   The hamster heard a noise in the corner and jumped up to look and see what it was. It was piggy. "Why do you need something to eat it with?" Piggy asked, "I roll around in my food and that works out well for me."   "I was taught better manners than that," said the hamster, "I would at least like to find a fork to eat with."   "I've heard they have forks in the farmhouse," said Piggy. "The farmers and their kids eat with them all the time. If you want, you can climb on my back and we can make a trip to the farmhouse together."   The hamster and Piggy set off on their trip.
,A,B,C,D,. Luisa is from the USA. She lives in New York. She is twenty-one years old. She likes her teaching job. Now she is a teacher in Beijing. From Monday to Friday, she is very busy and gives classes every day. She likes her students a lot and often plays games with them in the afternoon. Her favorite sport is tennis. Sometimes she reads in the reading room in the afternoon. On weekends, she often goes to see Beijing Opera . She thinks it is very interesting and fun. She collects many pictures of Beijing Opera. Sometimes she goes to see her friends. She like singing, dancing and drawing. She has a pen pal in China. The pen pal is a boy, he is from Shanghai. He likes sports and Beijing Opera. They talk about Beijing Opera in the letters. Luisa wants to go to Shanghai to see the pen pal one day.
(EW.com) -- Identity Thief (CinemaScore: B) fared even better than expected, bringing in $36.6 million over the weekend across 3,141 theaters. For comparison, Melissa McCarthy's last major film Bridesmaids (though it was in a supporting role) opened at $26.2 million, in 2,918 theaters. With an opening like this, big things are surely expected from Seth Gordon's R-rated comedy which has already surpassed its $35 million production budget. Though Bateman and Gordon had a successful run with Horrible Bosses after a $28.3 million opening weekend in July 2011, Bateman hasn't had this kind of luck with most of his starring roles. Universal's The Change-Up (with Ryan Reynolds) opened at $13.5 million in August 2011 and went on to gross only $37.1 million domestically, on a $52 million production budget.   Jonathan Levine's Warm Bodies took second place for its second weekend with $11.5 million, bringing its domestic total to $36.7 million. This breaks Levine's record, beating the lifetime domestic gross of his last feature, the cancer dramedy 50/50 with Seth Rogen and Joseph Gordon-Levitt, which brought in $35 million.   The R-rated Hitchcock-style, prescription-drug thriller Side Effects (CinemaScore: B) ended up beating director Steven Soderbergh's January 2012 weekend opening of Haywire, earning $10 million weekend this weekend and averaging $3,845 per theater. We talked a little bit about stars Rooney Mara and Channing Tatum's box office history yesterday. Another star of Side Effects is Jude Law, and he's got a varied track record at the box office. He generally participates in ensemble casts -- Anna Karenina, the Sherlock Holmes franchise, Soderbergh's Contagion, The Holiday -- making his singular box office appeal somewhat more elusive. Side Effects has Soderbergh's name and another strong ensemble, and could go on to a respectable run, even though it won't reach Contagion heights (the epidemic thriller eventually grossed $76 million). 
Lisa wants a new pet. Sometimes it is very hard trying to choose a new pet. There are so many different animals, each cuter than the last. There are cats, dogs, and goldfishes. In the end, Lisa chose a bunny. Lisa's bunny is very cute. The bunny has snowy white fur and large black eyes. His ears are large, floppy, and grey. She named the bunny Chomper since Chomper loves to eat everything. Chomper eats carrots, celery, and even licks Lisa's fingers! Nothing to worry, Chompers has a very small mouth and he is never fussy. Except...every time Lisa leans down to kiss Chomper - he runs away! Why? Chomper thinks Lisa is trying to steal his treats! He hates sharing his treats. Chomper always wants second helpings of food. Lisa is afraid Chomper would get so big he could fall off her lap. But not to worry Lisa, Chomper hops around the house a lot. Chomper knows how to stay fit like Lisa. It's clear as day! Lisa and Chomper make great friends.
ISO 9564 is an international standard for personal identification number (PIN) management and security in financial services.   The PIN is used to verify the identity of a customer (the user of a bank card) within an electronic funds transfer system, and (typically) to authorize the transfer or withdrawal of funds. Therefore, it is important to protect PINs against unauthorized disclosure or misuse. Modern banking systems require interoperability between a variety of PIN entry devices, smart cards, card readers, card issuers, acquiring banks and retailers – including transmission of PINs between those entities – so a common set of rules for handling and securing PINs is required, both to ensure technical compatibility and a mutually agreed level of security. ISO 9564 provides principles and techniques to meet these requirements.   ISO 9564 comprises three parts, under the general title of "Financial services — Personal Identification Number (PIN) management and security".   ISO 9564-1:2011 specifies the basic principles and techniques of secure PIN management. It includes both general principles and specific requirements.   The basic principles of PIN management include:   The standard specifies some characteristics required or recommended of "PIN entry devices" (also known as PIN pads), i.e. the device into which the customer enters the PIN, including:
It was an afternoon Truman would never forget.   Rayburn and his friend were talking in the office before Truman arrived. The telephone rang. It was a call from the White House asking whether Vice-President Truman had arrived yet. No, Rayburn replied. The caller asked to have him telephone the White House as soon as he arrived.   Truman entered a minute later. He immediately called the White House. As he talked, his face became white. He put down the phone and raced out of the door to his car.   Truman arrived at the White House within minutes. An assistant took him to the president's private living area. Eleanor Roosevelt, the president's wife, was waiting for him there. "Harry," she said, "the president is dead." Truman was shocked. He asked Mrs. Roosevelt if there was anything he could do to help her. But her reply made clear to him that his own life had suddenly changed. "Is there anything we can do for you ?" Mrs. Roosevelt asked the new president, " _ ."   Truman had been a surprise choice for vice-president at the Democratic Party nominating convention in nineteen forty-four. Delegates considered several other candidates before they chose him as Roosevelt's running mate. That was at a time when presidential candidates did not make their own choices for vice-president.   Harry Truman lacked the fame,the rich family and the strong speech-making skills of Franklin Roosevelt.He was a much simpler man.He grew up in the Midwestern state of Missouri.Truman only studied through high school but took some nighttime law school classes.He worked for many years as a farmer and a small businessman,but without much success.   Truman had long been interested in politics.When he was almost forty,he finally won several low-level positions in his home state.By nineteen thirty-four,he was popular enough in Missouri to be nominated and elected to the United States Senate. And he won re-election six years later.   Most Americans, however, knew little about Harry Truman when he became president.They knew he had close ties to the Democratic Party political machine in his home state.But they had also heard that he was a very honest man.They could see that Truman had strongly supported President Roosevelt's New Deal programs.But they could not be sure what kind of president Truman would become.   At the center of all the action was Harry Truman.It was not long before he showed Americans and the world that he had the ability to be a good president.He was honest,strong and willing to make decisions.
A system is a regularly interacting or interdependent group of items forming a unified whole. Every system is delineated by its spatial and temporal boundaries, surrounded and influenced by its environment, described by its structure and purpose and expressed in its functioning.   The term "system" comes from the Latin word "systēma", in turn from Greek "systēma": "whole concept made of several parts or members, system", literary "composition".   According to Marshall McLuhan,   "System" means "something to look at". You must have a very high visual gradient to have systematization. But in philosophy, prior to Descartes, there was no "system". Plato had no "system". Aristotle had no "system". In the 19th century the French physicist Sadi Carnot, who studied thermodynamics, pioneered the development of the concept of a "system" in the natural sciences. In 1824 he studied the system which he called the "working substance" (typically a body of water vapor) in steam engines, in regards to the system's ability to do work when heat is applied to it. The working substance could be put in contact with either a boiler, a cold reservoir (a stream of cold water), or a piston (to which the working body could do work by pushing on it). In 1850, the German physicist Rudolf Clausius generalized this picture to include the concept of the surroundings and began to use the term "working body" when referring to the system.
Henrik Stenson kept his cool to collect the biggest paycheck of his career Sunday, landing a $10 million FedEx Cup jackpot along with the $1.44 million prize for winning the Tour Championship in Atlanta.   The Swede, who also collected $1.44 million for winning the Deutsche Bank Championship earlier this month, finished three shots clear of young American hope Jordan Spieth and veteran Steve Stricker.   The 37-year-old went into the final day at East Lake with a four-stroke advantage, having been nine ahead halfway through Saturday's round, but Spieth ate into that as he fired a superb six-under-par 64.   The 20-year-old, who won his first PGA Tour title in July while still a teen, had carded eight birdies until his second bogey at 17 dimmed his hopes of a remarkable victory.   "It's been a dream come true," said Spieth, who had nine top-10 finishes in his rookie year.   Stricker, second behind Stenson in Boston and tied for fourth at last week's BMW Championship, made his charge with an eagle three at the 15th but he could only par from there as he also finished on 10 under.   It put the 46-year-old in third place in the FedEx Cup standings, while Spieth was seventh.   Stenson had given them hope when he dropped a shot at 14, but allayed any fears of another blowout like Saturday as he bounced back immediately with a birdie and finished with pars to complete a memorable wire-to-wire victory.   Webb Simpson shot the round of the day, a flawless seven-birdie 63 that lifted the 2012 U.S. Open winner up to fourth on 271 -- two shots ahead of his successor Justin Rose (67). 
There was once a family called the McAllisters. There was a dad, John McAllister, a mom, Amy McAllister, and their two twins, Ally and Jonah McAllister. This family was a family family, but when it came time to eat dinner, they sometimes argued. This is because different people liked different meals. John liked chicken most of all, and Amy liked vegetables. The twins, Ally and Jonah, preferred hotdogs, but Ally preferred ketchup, and Jonah preferred mustard. When it came to every day dinners, they took turns eating what each person liked. However, when it came to special meals like thanksgiving, it was difficult for the family to choose what to have. There would be frequent fights between all of them on what they would eat. Finally, they all had the answer. They would invite their grandpa over, because their grandpa was a great cook and could make everyone's favorite food, including chicken, vegetables, and hotdogs. On Thanksgiving, everyone was happy.
Police in Texas used a Taser on a 42-year-old pastor and pepper spray to disperse members of his church after police said the pastor interfered with a traffic stop.   Jose Moran was arrested early Wednesday morning after interfering with the duties of a public servant in the parking lot of a Webster, Texas, building that is being remodeled for the Iglesias Profetica Peniel Church, Webster police said in a written statement.   Moran's son, Omar, said his father had been trying to help. He added that his father has heart problems.   Moran approached an officer who was handling a traffic stop in the church's parking lot on Wednesday morning, police said.   Moran identified himself as the church's pastor and began yelling at the officer, police said.   The officer told Moran to leave several times, but Moran did not, police said. The officer then tried to arrest him. But Moran pushed the officer and ran into the church building, police said.   Moran's son said after his father asked the officer if he could help, the officer began yelling. The son said his father went back inside the church.   The officer followed him and kicked in the church door, he said. The pastor came outside, and a second officer used his Taser twice on the pastor, the younger Moran said.   The son's account differs from the police version of events. Police said Moran emerged from the church building with dozens of other people who subsequently surrounded the officer.   The officer used pepper spray to disperse the crowd, the statement said. 
The 2009 snooker world champion John Higgins has said his "conscience is clear" following allegations of match fixing.   British newspaper The News of the World claimed the 34-year-old accepted a $398,000 bribe to throw frames in future matches during a meeting with undercover reporters in Kiev, Ukraine.   However, in a statement read out on the BBC, the Scotsman denied ever intentionally losing a match or taking a bribe at any point in his career.   "My conscience is 100 percent clear," said Higgins.   "I have never been involved in any form of snooker match fixing ... I have never deliberately missed a shot, never mind intentionally lost a frame or a match."   Snooker's governing body -- The World Professional Billiards and Snooker Association (WPBSA) -- announced through an official statement that Higgins had been suspended from future tournaments pending an investigation.   The same statement confirmed his manager, Pat Mooney, resigned from his position on the board of the WPBSA after he was alleged to have been at the meeting with Higgins in Kiev.   The three-time world champion claimed clearing his name will be the biggest challenge of his career and he will assist snooker authorities with the forthcoming investigation.   "Today is the start of the biggest match of my life. I will co-operate fully with the snooker authorities. I have built my reputation on honesty and integrity."   Higgins is one of the most successful snooker players in history and has won game's top prize on three occasions, taking last year's championship in addition to previous triumphs in 1998 and 2007. 
That was my grandmother's first Christmas without Grandfather. When my parents and I arrived at her little house ,we found she had waited up all night for us. Grandfather had always said that the Christmas tree was the most important decoration of all. So first we took out the beautiful tree that was stored in the closet . But the star was _ . It was my grandmother's favorite part of the tree. "Why? It must be somewhere in the closet," my grandmother said. As we opened up boxes one by one and found no star, my grandmother's eyes were full of tears. Grandfather had given it to her some fifty years ago, on their first Christmas together. But on her first Christmas without him, the star was gone. The next morning, my family sat down together to open the presents. "The last gift is to Grandmother from Grandfather," Father said, in a strange voice. "From whom?" There was surprise in my grandmother's voice. "I found this gift in Grandfather's closet when we got the tree down," Mother explained. My grandmother opened the box. There was a shinning golden star and a note in it: Don't be angry with me, dear. I broke your star while putting away the decorations, and I couldn't bear to tell you. I hope it brings you as much happiness as the first one. Merry Christmas! Love, Bryant ,A, B, C, D,. (10)
The Endangered Species Act of 1973 (ESA; 16 U.S.C. § 1531 et seq.) is one of the few dozens of United States environmental laws passed in the 1970s, and serves as the enacting legislation to carry out the provisions outlined in The Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora (CITES). The ESA was signed into law by President Richard Nixon on December 28, 1973, it was designed to protect critically imperiled species from extinction as a "consequence of economic growth and development untempered by adequate concern and conservation." The U.S. Supreme Court found that "the plain intent of Congress in enacting" the ESA "was to halt and reverse the trend toward species extinction, whatever the cost." The Act is administered by two federal agencies, the United States Fish and Wildlife Service (FWS) and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA).   One species in particular received widespread attention—the whooping crane. The species' historical range extended from central Canada South to Mexico, and from Utah to the Atlantic coast. Unregulated hunting and habitat loss contributed to a steady decline in the whooping crane population until, by 1890, it had disappeared from its primary breeding range in the north central United States. It would be another eight years before the first national law regulating wildlife commerce was signed, and another two years before the first version of the endangered species act was passed. The whooping crane population by 1941 was estimated at about only 16 birds still in the wild.
Michelle Obama has just started a campaign against childhood obesity with the admission that she put her girls Malia and Sasha on a diet because they were getting fat. Clearly, childhood obesity must be solved urgently. But is it a good idea for mothers to put their daughters on diets? Studies show that the more children diet, the more likely they are to become obese as adults. Research also shows that girls are highly influenced by their mothers when it comes to eating habits and body image. This was the case for Carly, 40, who blames her mother for her lifelong struggle with weight. "My mother was on a diet the whole time I was growing up," she says. "And she put me on my first diet when I was 10. I lost puppy fat, gained her approval and never ate normally again." America's First Lady clearly has a vital healthy eating message to convey. But could this be damaging for Malia and Sasha? Could they develop eating disorders because of it? "It's wrong just to blame mothers for their daughters' eating disorders," says Susan Ringwood, chief executive of the eating disorders charity. "There is a genetic component to eating disorders." However, "We do know that parents have a very strong influence over a child's eating. It's important to realize that you are your daughter's role model. Girls idolize their mothers." says Ringwood. "No food should ever be 'good 'or' bad'," Ringwood says. Instead, "You have to make it clear that food is a sociable, healthy and fun part of life, not something to be feared." "Talk to her about body image," Ringwood says. "Talk about how curves are an important and exciting part of being a woman. Show her that anorexic ) fashion models are not sexy, but ill. The pressure on girls today is immense," she says. Never forget that you are the authoritative voice, too.
Once upon a time, there was a dog named Puddles. Puddles was lonely because he lived in an area where there were no other dogs, but only cats. Day after day, Puddles would have to eat cat food and do cat things in order to fit in with the rest of his group. He found it very boring and Puddles was sad. Puddles didn't even look like a cat!   All of the other cats teased Puddles. "You're too big," they said. "You've got too long of a nose!" "Why are you panting like that?" Puddles knew that he was different.   One day, Puddles chose to run away from all of the cats. The cats laughed at him. What a stupid dog! Didn't he know that there were monsters in the woods that could eat him? Puddles didn't care, because Puddles was sad enough to try.   So Puddles packed up his things - his squeaky ball, his water dish, and his bone - and headed off into the woods. He was finally happy! All of a sudden, Puddles turned. He smelled a funny smell. It smelled like something he had never smelled before. He turned around, and what did he see but another dog!   Puddles was so happy, he barked with joy. He went home with the other dog, who was named Mittens, and to his family. Puddles was never lonely again.
Jack was a skilled artist with a wife and two sons. One night, his elder son had a stomachache . Thinking it was only some common intestinal disorders, neither Jack nor his wife took it seriously. But the boy died suddenly that night. Knowing the death could have been avoided if he had only realized the seriousness of the situation, Jack always felt guilty. His wife left him a short time later, leaving him alone with his six-year-old younger son. The hurt and pain of the two situations were more than that Jack could stand, so he turned to alcohol for help. Later, Jack began to lose everything he had --- his land, house, etc. Finally Jack died alone in a small bar. Hearing of Jack's death, I thought, "What a totally wasted life! What a complete failure!" As time went by, I knew Jack's younger son who grew into an adult, Ernie. He is one of the kindest and most loving men I have ever known. I saw the love between Ernie and his children, thinking that kindness and caring had to come from somewhere. One day, I asked him what his father had done so that he became such a special person. Ernie said quietly, "As a child until I left home at 18, Jack came into my room every night, gave me a kiss and said, 'love you, son'."
Doctor Manette had suddenly disappeared. Everything was done to discover some trace of him, but in vain. The loss of her husband caused his wife such pain that she decided to bring up her little daughter, Lucie, in ignorance of her father's fate, and when in two years she died she left little Lucie under the guardianship of Mr. Lorry. After eighteen years, strange news concerning the doctor had just come from Paris. Mr. Lorry, told Lucie, "your father has been found. He is alive, greatly changed, but alive. He has been taken to the house of a former servant in Paris, and we are going there." On arrival, the banker and Lucie were taken to an attic, where a haggard , white-haired man sat on a low bench, making shoes. He was sheltered by a man by the name of Defarge who, with his wife, kept a wine-shop in the district of St. Antoine. Charles Darnay was of noble birth; but his ancestors had for many years so cruelly oppressed the French peasants that the name of Evremonde was hated and looked down upon. Unlike them in character, this last descendant of his race had given up his name and wealth and had come to England as a private gentleman, eager to begin a new life. Sydney Carton was a young English lawyer. _ soon became frequent visitors at the small house in Soho Square, the home of Doctor Manette and his daughter. Through Lucie's care and devotion, the doctor had almost completely recovered from the effects of his long imprisonment, and it was only in times of strong excitement that any trace of his past foolish behaviors could be discovered. The sweet face of Lucie Manette soon won the hearts of both the young men, but it was Darnay to whom she gave her love. They married. The French Revolution had actually begun and in 1792 Mr. Lorry and Charles Darnay landed in Paris, the former to protect the French branch of Tellson & Co. and the latter to help an old family servant -Gabelle-who had begged his help. Not until they had set foot in Paris did they realize what a caldron of fury they had been involved in. Mr. Lorry, on account of his business relations, was allowed his freedom, but Darnay was hurried at once to the prison of La Force, there to wait for his trial. The reason given for this outrage was the new law for the arrest of all returning French emigrants , but the true cause was that he had been recognized as Charles Evremonde. Doctor Manette, going to France with Lucie, gained a promise that Darnay's life should be spared. At last came the terrible year of the Reign of Terror. The sympathy which at first had been given to Doctor Manette had become weakened through the influence of Mrs. Defarge. Also, there had been found in the ruins of the Bastille a paper which contained Doctor Manette's account of his imprisonment, and pronouncing a curse upon the House of Evremonde and their descendants, who were responsible for his eighteen years of misery. Charles Darnay's fate was sealed. "Death within twenty-four hours." To Sydney Carton, who had followed his friends to Paris, came an inspiration. He once promised Lucie that he would die to save a life she loved. He managed to gain admission to the prison; Darnay was removed unconscious from the cell, and Carton sat down to wait for his fate. Along the Paris streets six tumbrels were carrying the day's wine to La Guillotine. In the third car sat a young man with his hands tied. As the cries from the street arose against him, they only move him to a quiet smile as he shook more loosely his hair about his face. Crash! A head is held up. The third cart came up, and the supposed Evremonde came down. His lips move, forming the words, "a life you love."
(CNN)For a group of radical anti-Western militants, ISIS is pretty good at luring Westerners to its ranks.   The latest is an American teen from suburban Chicago who was allegedly on his way to join ISIS. Mohammed Hamzah Khan was stopped just before he was supposed to board a plane to Turkey, authorities said.   But he's far from alone.   Last month, U.S. authorities detailed their case against a New York food store owner accused of funding ISIS and plotting to gun down American troops who had served in Iraq.   And a French man told his mother that he and his half-brother were going on vacation -- only to tell her later that they were fighting in Syria.   "Some of the foreign fighters may not return as terrorists to their respective countries, but all of them will have been exposed to an environment of sustained radicalization and violence with unknowable but worrying consequences," Richard Barrett of The Soufan Group wrote in a report called "Foreign fighters in Syria" this summer.   So what is it about ISIS and its uncanny ability to recruit Westerners? Here are five methods the group employs:   It preys on a recruit's sense of identity   The recruits are often young -- sometimes disillusioned teenagers trying to find purpose and make their mark.   For many, it boils down to a lack of a sense of identity or belonging, Barrett said.   "The general picture provided by foreign fighters of their lives in Syria suggests camaraderie, good morale and purposeful activity, all mixed in with a sense of understated heroism, designed to attract their friends as well as to boost their own self-esteem," he wrote. 
Have you ever watched the big parade on Tian'anmen Square on October 1? Some students performed in the big parade. In order to get ready for it, this summer, many Beijing middle school students had a different kind of vacation. Instead of hanging out with friends or traveling, they trained hard for the 60th birthday of China this year. Students trained from 7:30 am to around 10:00 am or from 4 pm to 6:30 pm, because it was very hot this summer. They wore white hats, T-shirts and blue trousers. The hats and T-shirts were printed with a red logo, the number "60". The first week of training was PE. Students practiced standing and squatting. Then they moved on to practice the group show. When we watched the parade on TV we saw them making colorful pictures. What did the students think of their unusual summer? "Sometimes we find it a bit tiring." said Lu Wenqi, 13. "But most of us think it's a great _ to take part in such an important show." Li Hui, 15, thought the same as Lu. She said her classmates were hardly late for training. "It's a wonderful chance for us," said Li. "When my parents were in college, they also took part in a national day parade. Now it's my turn!"
I had always had fun playing in the dirt growing up, digging, throwing, building, smashing, everything, so this year for my birthday my mom and dad had bought me a gardening kit to grow my own vegetables. It came with a watering pot, a shovel, a rake and seeds! The next morning we all went out to the backyard to start our garden. We dug a bunch of small holes with my new shovel, put a seed or two in each hole, and covered them up with dirt and raked over them. Our dog was very confused because he's the one that digs the holes. Every day I would get so excited to water them and see how big they'd gotten. Every day they would get even bigger. That was the most exciting part! Then they started making little tomatoes, and they sort of looked like grapes. And those too got bigger and bigger and started turning red. This was all very exciting and finally by Christmas my dad and I picked our fresh tomatoes and washed them to be eaten in a salad with dinner.
Many, many years back, in a place full of magic, there lived a man and a woman who were married. The man and woman did not love one another or anything else. The man was a wood man and often spent days alone in the wood. One day the man spent more time in the wood and he became lost. After days and days he grew hungry and weak. When he thought for sure he was going to die a tall wizard appeared before him. The man did not know the wizard had placed a spell on him, making him get lost, but he did.   The wizard smiled at the man in a friendly way and said to him, "I can show you the way out of the woods, if you give me the one thing you love most in the world."   Since there was nothing that the man loved, he said yes at once. The Wizard showed the man the way home and then disappeared into the wood. The man and woman lived well for many years and the man never told his meeting to the wizard and after a time, he too forgot about his promise.   In time the woman gave birth and the man had a daughter who he loved. One day the wizard came to the door to take the girl, making the man remember his promise. The man was very sad to lose his daughter. But in the end he had to give her over to the wizard. The wizard was bad and locked the girl away in a cave. Every day the girl grew to be prettier and smarter. Every day the Wizard asked if the girl would marry him, but he was mean and she would not marry him. And every time the girl said no, the wizard would find a new way to make her sad. But the girl had found a secret flower that was very beautiful.   "If you marry me I can let you out."   "There is a lovely bit of sunlight that comes in through the rocks. I am very happy here in my cave." The girl said. The wizard became angry and steam poured from his eyes   He blocked out the sun so the girl lived only in darkness. Still the girl said no. The wizard came back again and told the girl, "If you marry me I can let you out." The wizard became angry and steam poured from his mouth   "There is a lovely stream of water that comes in through the rocks. I am very happy here in my cave." The girl said. The wizard became angry and steam poured from his ears   He blocked out the water so the girl lived only in dry sand. Still the girl said no. The wizard came back again and told the girl, "If you marry me I can let you out."   Again, the girl only said "There is a soft wind that comes in through the rocks. I am very happy here in my cave." The wizard became angry and steam poured from his ears and fire came out of his eyes   So the Wizard blocked out the wind and left the girl in a hot cave with no air. But the girl would still not marry him. The wizard became so angry he turned to flame and burned up. The girl was free and went down to her flower only to find it was gone. Instead she found a handsome prince.   "I thank you my lady," he said, "for saving me from the evil wizard. In return you may come live in my palace with me and be happy."   The girl said yes. In time they came to love one another and got married and lived happy together.
Diving is the sport of jumping or falling into water from a platform or springboard, usually while performing acrobatics. Diving is an internationally recognized sport that is part of the Olympic Games. In addition, unstructured and non-competitive diving is a recreational pastime.   Diving is one of the most popular Olympic sports with spectators. Competitors possess many of the same characteristics as gymnasts and dancers, including strength, flexibility, kinaesthetic judgment and air awareness. Some professional divers were originally gymnasts or dancers as both the sports have similar characteristics to diving. Dmitri Sautin holds the record for most Olympic diving medals won, by winning eight medals in total between 1992 and 2008.   Although diving has been a popular pastime across the world since ancient times, the first modern diving competitions were held in England in the 1880s. The exact origins of the sport are unclear, though it likely derives from the act of diving at the start of swimming races. The 1904 book "Swimming" by Ralph Thomas notes English reports of plunging records dating back to at least 1865. The 1877 edition to "British Rural Sports" by John Henry Walsh makes note of a "Mr. Young" plunging 56 feet in 1870, and also states that 25 years prior, a swimmer named Drake could cover 53 feet.
The dinosaur wants to have a pet goldfish. He is reading a book called, "How to Take Care of Your Pet Goldfish" because he wants to learn how to take care of a goldfish.   After he finishes reading the book, he goes to the pet store. The pet store is not in Detroit, St. Louis, or Pakistan. The pet store is in a town called Oceanside. It takes the dinosaur an hour to walk to the store. The store is very big, so that the dinosaur can fit inside.   A worker from the store walks up to the dinosaur and asks, "How can I help you?"   "I'm looking to buy a pet goldfish," the dinosaur said.   "Are you sure?" the worker asked, "We have rainbow fish, red fish, and blue fish. The rainbow fish makes for a great pet."   "No, thank you," the dinosaur said, "Goldfish are my favorite."   And so the worker put a goldfish in a bag of water for the dinosaur.   "Why did you put the goldfish in a bag of water?" the dinosaur asked.   "Fish always love to have something to swim in," the worker answered, "Enjoy your goldfish!"   And so the dinosaur walked home, his new best buddy in hand.
A software release life cycle is the sum of the stages of development and maturity for a piece of computer software: ranging from its initial development to its eventual release, and including updated versions of the released version to help improve software or fix software bugs still present in the software.   Usage of the "alpha/beta" test terminology originated at IBM. As long ago as the 1950s (and probably earlier), IBM used similar terminology for their hardware development. "A" test was the verification of a new product before public announcement. "B" test was the verification before releasing the product to be manufactured. "C" test was the final test before general availability of the product. As software became a significant part of IBM's offerings, the alpha test terminology was used to denote the pre-announcement test and beta test was used to show product readiness for general availability. Martin Belsky, a manager on some of IBM's earlier software projects claimed to have invented the terminology. IBM dropped the alpha/beta terminology during the 1960s, but by then it had received fairly wide notice. The usage of "beta test" to refer to testing done by customers was not done in IBM. Rather, IBM used the term "field test".
Roger Federer secured a record-equaling seventh Wimbledon title to dash the hopes of Andy Murray and a partisan Centre Court crowd.   Federer made it 17 grand slam titles to his name after a two-and-a-half-year drought and matched the haul of American Pete Sampras at the All England Club.   The Swiss will return to the top of the world rankings as a result of his 4-6 7-5 6-3 6-4 victory, meaning he will match his hero Sampras' record of 286 weeks at No. 1.   For Murray, the first Briton to reach a men's singles final at Wimbledon in 74 years, it represented his fourth defeat in major finals, and his pain was acutely felt by a fervent crowd at Wimbledon.   Sampras: I hated (and loved) Wimbledon   Federer's triumph was his first at Wimbledon since 2009, with his last major win coming at the Australian Open in 2010 when he also beat Murray.   "It's amazing," Federer told the host broadcaster. "It equals me with Pete Sampras, who is my hero, so it feels amazing.   "I think I played some of my best tennis in the last couple of matches. It's worked out so many times here that I play my best in semis and the final. I couldn't be more happy -- it feels being great being back here as the winner. It's a great moment."   Federer's victory means he is only the second player in the men's game to have held the top ranking over the age of 30, alongside Andre Agassi. 
Consumer electronics once again topped the list of the most wanted gifts this holiday season. "Seventy-six percent of consumers who plan to buy holiday gifts say that they will spend money buying at least one technology product; definitely a solid vote of confidence for technology." Steve Koenig is with the Consumer Electronics Association. He says the group's latest research also shows that Americans this year are spending more on technology products. "Here in 2012, $252 on average-the technology spend for consumers this year." From tablet computers to smartphones, American shoppers have been lining up to get the newest and coolest electronic devices on the market. There are more choices today than ever before. "It's kind of hard to make a decision." Tablet computers are one of the best-selling products this year. Brian Tong is Senior Editor of CNET.com. The website reports on tech news and examines the latest electronic products. He says the Apple iPad Mini is one of the most popular tablets. Its starting price is $329. One of Apple's biggest competitors is the Google Nexus 7. It starts at $199. "The hardware inside is more powerful than what's in the iPad Mini, but also it offers you a lot of things like maps that work better than Apple's maps." Brian Tong says there is one reason why people may like the iPad Mini more than the Nexus 7. "If you just want to read books and surf the Internet, you don't really need to get an iPad Mini, but if you want the largest group of apps that's where the iPad and Apple's ecosystem shines the most." Elman Chacon is with the electronics store Best Buy. He says another hot product this season is smart cameras. They connect to the Internet through Wi-Fi. This makes it easy for users to email or upload photographs directly from the camera. "You can literally take a picture, upload it into your Facebook in a matter of seconds. These things are pretty cool because they do a lot of things." Streaming media boxes also connect to the Internet. People are able to watch web content such as movies and YouTube videos on their televisions. Another popular item is wireless speaker systems. The newest ones work with any device that has Bluetooth technology, including smartphones, laptops and tablets. With the growing popularity of Internet shopping, many consumers will visit a store first to look at a product, and then go online to find it at a lower price. Stores like Best Buy understand that and they want to stay competitive. "We have something called the perfect match promise which means if you buy a certain device and you find it cheaper within 30 days we'll go ahead and price match that for you." Elman Chacon said.
On the third day of November, Ron and Pam went to the store. They wanted to get some food for a new recipe. It was late in the afternoon, but they wanted to eat the food soon at dinner. To save time they split the list in half. Ron was to get the pasta and tomato sauce, and Pam was to get the vegetables and juice. They went their separate ways in the store, and made plans to meet in the checkout line in half an hour.   On her way to the fruit and vegetable section, Pam ran into her friend Tom. Tom had bought a pet bunny for his friend and wanted to buy it some food. He asked Pam what he needs to feed the bunny. Pam told him lettuce and carrots, so he put 5 heads of lettuce in his basket along with one bag of carrots. Tom said goodbye to Pam and went to the front of the store to buy his vegetables. Now it was time for Pam to pick out the vegetables she would buy for dinner. She wanted to make a salad, so she bought spinach, 2 big red tomatoes, a box of mushrooms, and 3 cucumbers. Pam then went to where they kept the juice and grabbed a big bottle of lemonade.   Pam went to the front of the store and met Ron. They handed their items to the sales clerk so that they could buy them. The total cost of the food was 20 dollars. As a gift to Pam, Ron paid for the food and said happy birthday. As a gift he would be cooking her dinner.
The Dutch man suspected in the 2005 disappearance of Natalee Holloway has sued the Chilean government for more than $13 million, alleging his human rights were violated when Chile extradited him last year to Peru to face charges in the death of a Peruvian woman.   "The lawsuit is against the Chilean government, for having violated Joran van der Sloot's basic human rights," his Peruvian lawyer Aldo Cotrina told In Session. The suit was filed September 4 with the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights in Washington.   "Maybe they won't accept my analysis in Peru, because they feel this is the way things have always been done," said Cotrina, who is based in New York. "But I believe there are universal human rights and we have to respect those rights. We can't say that because someone is accused of killing a person, you can violate all their rights."   Cotrina said van der Sloot's former attorney, Maximo Altez, contacted him in July 2010 about the complaint, and the two men met the following month to begin researching grounds for the lawsuit on the basis of their claim that van der Sloot's human rights had been violated in June 2010, when Chile expelled him to Peru.   Cotrina said he expects to complete next week a similar document, to be filed against the government of Peru.   Van der Sloot, 24, faces a trial on murder and robbery charges that is set to begin January 6 in Peru.   He is accused of killing 21-year-old Stephany Flores in his Lima hotel room last year. Police say he took money and bank cards from her wallet and fled to Chile, where he was arrested a few days later. 
Hi there! How are you doing today? I was hanging out with my friend earlier today. I am looking for a guy in a blue shirt and blue pants. Have you seen him? I cannot find him, and I thought I looked everywhere. I have checked behind the green couch and he was not there. I looked inside the white refrigerator and he was not there either. I looked to the left and looked to the right of the television and he was not in those places either!   Where would you look for someone? Where would you look in their house? I think he could be in one of the other rooms here. I checked in the living room and it was empty. I checked in the bedroom and it was empty too! I knocked on the bathroom door and that was empty. It is easy to find him because he is in blue.   Wait, what's that? You said you saw someone in the kitchen? What were they wearing? Were they wearing a blue shirt? Oh they weren't? I think that could still be my friend! I'll head over to the kitchen, you can follow if you want. There's my friend! And he's wearing an orange shirt now; he must have left to change his shirt. Thank you so much!
CBS News is the news division of American television and radio service CBS. The president of CBS News is David Rhodes. CBS News' broadcasts include the "CBS Evening News", "CBS This Morning", news magazine programs "CBS Sunday Morning", "60 Minutes" and "48 Hours", and Sunday morning political affairs program "Face the Nation". CBS Radio News produces hourly newscasts for hundreds of radio stations, while CBS also operates a 24-hour news network called CBSN, the first live anchored 24-hour streaming news network that is exclusively online and on smart devices.   In 1929, the Columbia Broadcasting System began making regular radio news broadcasts—five-minute summaries taken from reports from the United Press, one of the three wire services that supplied newspapers with national and international news. In December 1930 CBS chief William S. Paley hired journalist Paul W. White away from United Press as CBS's news editor. Paley put the radio network's news operation at the same level as entertainment, and authorized White to interrupt programming if events warranted. Along with other networks, CBS chafed at the breaking news embargo imposed upon radio by the wire services, which prevented them from using bulletins until they first appeared in print. CBS disregarded an embargo when it broke the story of the Lindbergh kidnapping in 1932, using live on-the-air reporting. Radio networks scooped print outlets with news of the 1932 presidential election.
Christmas is an annual festival commemorating the birth of Jesus Christ, observed most commonly on December 25 as a religious and cultural celebration among billions of people around the world. A feast central to the Christian liturgical year, it is prepared for by the season of Advent or the Nativity Fast and initiates the season of Christmastide, which historically in the West lasts twelve days and culminates on Twelfth Night; in some traditions, Christmastide includes an Octave. The traditional Christmas narrative, the Nativity of Jesus, delineated in the New Testament says that Jesus was born in Bethlehem, in accordance with messianic prophecies; when Joseph and Mary arrived in the city, the inn had no room and so they were offered a stable where the Christ Child was soon born, with angels proclaiming this news to shepherds who then disseminated the message furthermore. Christmas Day is a public holiday in many of the world's nations, is celebrated religiously by the vast majority of Christians, as well as culturally by a number of non-Christian people, and is an integral part of the holiday season, while some Christian groups reject the celebration. In several countries, celebrating Christmas Eve on December 24 has the main focus rather than December 25, with gift-giving and sharing a traditional meal with the family.
The indigenous peoples of the Americas are the descendants of the pre-Columbian inhabitants of the Americas. Pueblos indígenas (indigenous peoples) is a common term in Spanish-speaking countries. Aborigen (aboriginal/native) is used in Argentina, whereas "Amerindian" is used in Quebec, The Guianas, and the English-speaking Caribbean. Indigenous peoples are commonly known in Canada as Aboriginal peoples, which include First Nations, Inuit, and Métis peoples. Indigenous peoples of the United States are commonly known as Native Americans or American Indians, and Alaska Natives.   According to the prevailing theories of the settlement of the Americas, migrations of humans from Asia (in particular North Asia) to the Americas took place via Beringia, a land bridge which connected the two continents across what is now the Bering Strait. The majority of experts agree that the earliest pre-modern human migration via Beringia took place at least 13,500 years ago, with disputed evidence that people had migrated into the Americas much earlier, up to 40,000 years ago. These early Paleo-Indians spread throughout the Americas, diversifying into many hundreds of culturally distinct nations and tribes. According to the oral histories of many of the indigenous peoples of the Americas, they have been living there since their genesis, described by a wide range of creation myths.
Biodiversity, a contraction of "biological diversity," generally refers to the variety and variability of life on Earth. One of the most widely used definitions defines it in terms of the variability within species, between species, and between ecosystems. It is a measure of the variety of organisms present in different ecosystems. This can refer to genetic variation, ecosystem variation, or species variation (number of species) within an area, biome, or planet. Terrestrial biodiversity tends to be greater near the equator, which seems to be the result of the warm climate and high primary productivity. Biodiversity is not distributed evenly on Earth. It is richest in the tropics. Marine biodiversity tends to be highest along coasts in the Western Pacific, where sea surface temperature is highest and in the mid-latitudinal band in all oceans. There are latitudinal gradients in species diversity. Biodiversity generally tends to cluster in hotspots, and has been increasing through time, but will be likely to slow in the future.
The BPI (British Recorded Music Industry) Limited, commonly known as the British Phonographic Industry or BPI, is the British recorded music industry's trade association.   Its membership comprises hundreds of music companies including all three "major" record companies in the UK (Warner Music UK, Sony Music Entertainment, and Universal Music Group), and hundreds of independent music labels and small to medium-sized music businesses.   It has represented the interests of British record companies since being formally incorporated in 1973 when the principal aim was to promote British music and fight copyright infringement.   In 2007, the association's legal name was changed from British Phonographic Industry Limited (The).   It founded the annual BRIT Awards for the British music industry in 1977, and, later, The Classic BRIT Awards. The organizing company, BRIT Awards Limited, is a fully owned subsidiary of the BPI. Proceeds from both shows go to the BRIT Trust, the charitable arm of the BPI that has donated almost £15m to charitable causes nationwide since its foundation in 1989. In September 2013, the BPI presented the first ever BRITs Icon Award to Sir Elton John. The BPI also endorsed the launch of the Mercury Prize for the Album of the Year in 1992.   The recorded music industry's Certified Awards program, which attributes Platinum, Gold and Silver status to singles, albums and music videos (Platinum and Gold only) based on their sales performance (see BPI Certified Awards program), has been administered by the BPI since its inception in 1973. In September 2008, the BPI became one of the founding members of UK Music, an umbrella organisation representing the interests of all parts of the industry.
In 1943, when I was 4, my parents moved from Coeur d'Alene, Idaho, to Fairbanks, Alaska, where adventure was never very far away.   We arrived in the summer, just in time to enjoy the midnight sun. All that sunlight was fantastic for Mom's vegetable garden. Working in the garden at midnight tended to throw her timing off, so she didn't care much about my bedtime.   Dad was a Railway Express agent and Mom was his clerk. That left me in a mess. I usually managed to find some trouble to get into. Once I had a little Are going in the dirt basement of a hotel. I had tried to light a barrel of paint but couldn't really get a good fire going. The smoke got pretty bad, though, and when 1 made my exit, a crowd and the police were there to greet me. The policemen took my matches and drove me   Mom and Dad were occupied in the garden and Dad told the police to keep me, and they did! I had a tour of the prison before Mom rescued me. 1 hadn't turned 5 yet.   As I entered kindergarten, the serious cold began to set in. Would it surprise you to know that I soon left part of my tongue on a metal handrail at school?   As for Leonhard Seppala, famous as a dog sledder , I think I knew him well because I was taken for a ride with his white dog team one Sunday. At the time I didn't realize what a superstar he was, but I do remember the ride well. I was wrapped heavily and well sheltered from the freezing and blowing weather.   In 1950, we moved back to Coeur d'Alene, but we got one more Alaskan adventure when Leonhard invited us eight years later by paying a visit to Idaho to attend a gathering of former neighbors of Alaska.
On October 9, 2006 at 6:00 a.m., the network switched to a 24-hour schedule, becoming one of the last major English-language broadcasters to transition to such a schedule. Most CBC-owned stations previously signed off the air during the early morning hours (typically from 1:00 a.m. to 6:00 a.m.). Instead of the infomercials aired by most private stations, or a simulcast of CBC News Network in the style of BBC One's nightly simulcast of BBC News Channel, the CBC uses the time to air repeats, including local news, primetime series, movies and other programming from the CBC library. Its French counterpart, Ici Radio-Canada Télé, still signs off every night.   Until 1998, the network carried a variety of American programs in addition to its core Canadian programming, directly competing with private Canadian broadcasters such as CTV and Global. Since then, it has restricted itself to Canadian programs, a handful of British programs, and a few American movies and off-network repeats. Since this change, the CBC has sometimes struggled to maintain ratings comparable to those it achieved before 1995, although it has seen somewhat of a ratings resurgence in recent years. In the 2007-08 season, hit series such as Little Mosque on the Prairie and The Border helped the network achieve its strongest ratings performance in over half a decade.
The annelids are bilaterally symmetrical, triploblastic, coelomate, invertebrate organisms. They also have parapodia for locomotion. Most textbooks still use the traditional division into polychaetes (almost all marine), oligochaetes (which include earthworms) and leech-like species. Cladistic research since 1997 has radically changed this scheme, viewing leeches as a sub-group of oligochaetes and oligochaetes as a sub-group of polychaetes. In addition, the Pogonophora, Echiura and Sipuncula, previously regarded as separate phyla, are now regarded as sub-groups of polychaetes. Annelids are considered members of the Lophotrochozoa, a "super-phylum" of protostomes that also includes molluscs, brachiopods, flatworms and nemerteans.   The basic annelid form consists of multiple segments. Each segment has the same sets of organs and, in most polychaetes, has a pair of parapodia that many species use for locomotion. Septa separate the segments of many species, but are poorly defined or absent in others, and Echiura and Sipuncula show no obvious signs of segmentation. In species with well-developed septa, the blood circulates entirely within blood vessels, and the vessels in segments near the front ends of these species are often built up with muscles that act as hearts. The septa of such species also enable them to change the shapes of individual segments, which facilitates movement by peristalsis ("ripples" that pass along the body) or by undulations that improve the effectiveness of the parapodia. In species with incomplete septa or none, the blood circulates through the main body cavity without any kind of pump, and there is a wide range of locomotory techniques – some burrowing species turn their pharynges inside out to drag themselves through the sediment.
Not long ago, a rock band called the Backstreet Boys _ on the music scene. Young people everywhere loved their songs. One of the band's biggest fans was a young boy named Aaron Carter. Aaron had a special reason for taking such an interest in the band. Nick Carter, one of the Backstreet Boys, was Aaron's big brother.   Even before Nick joined the band in 1996, Aaron loved music. From the age of two, Aaron spent most of his time listening to the radio. He sang along with his favorite songs. He made up dances to go with them. So Aaron's family was not surprised when Aaron decided to follow Nick into the music world.   Aaron got off to a fast start. At the age of seven, he joined a band in his hometown of Tampa, Florida. But after two years, Aaron didn't want to be part of a band anymore. He wanted to sing alone. Soon, Brother Nick gave Aaron a helping hand. During a Backstreet Boys show in Germany, Aaron sang a song. He did an amazing job! After the show, someone from a record company asked Aaron to make an album . Of course, Aaron said yes!   Since that day, Aaron has made lots of songs that sell well. His songs include "Crush on You" and "I'm Gonna Miss You Forever".   Aaron has worked hard to become a success. But he never forgets how his brother gave him his start. As Aaron has said, "If Nick wasn't a singer, then I wouldn't be there."
For many years, Yang Shanzhou was the local party secretary in a remote, mountainous village in southwest China's Yunnan Province. Though he could live a better life in the city, he still decided to move even further into the mountains, and devoted himself to greening the land. He passed away in 2010, but his story lives on. A blanket of green - And it all started with a surprising decision made by Yang Shanzhou back in 1988. The 62 year old decided to return to his hometown in Daliang Mountain, to bring green back to the _ hills. Along with fifteen other people, Yang settled down deep in the mountains and began to work on his plan. It was a life that was harder than most people could ever imagine. Su Jiaxiang, Yang Shanzhou's secretary, said, "I went to visit him several times. He didn't even have decent shoes and it was very cold at night. But you know he was almost seventy!" In 2010, Yang Shanzhou passed away. He was buried in Daliang Mountain, according to his will. More than twenty years has passed since he first began his planting in the mountains.The hills are now covered with kinds of trees. By planting trees, Yang Shanzhou also planted hope. This hidden hero left his local government with a priceless legacy.
Italian manager Gianfranco Zola has been sacked by English Premier League club West Ham, while former England boss Steve McLaren has joined German side Wolfsburg.   The Hammers announced in a statement on their official Web site that they had terminated Zola's contract after a season in which they finished just one place above the relegation zone.   West Ham's new owners, David Gold and David Sullivan, who took control of the club in January, made clear there would be changes at the end of the season, and they have been true to their word.   The official statement read: "West Ham United confirm that they have terminated the contract of Gianfranco Zola.   "The Board of Directors would like to thank him for his contribution and wish him well for the future. The Club will now be focusing its efforts on seeking a replacement."   Meanwhile, ex-England coach Steve McLaren has been confirmed as Wolfsburg's new coach.   McLaren led Dutch side FC Twente to their first ever league title last season and will become the first English coach to take charge of a German side.   A statement on Wolfsburg's official Web site said: "Steve McClaren is to take over as new trainer at VfL Wolfsburg. The 49 year old will start work on July 1st under a two year contract to keep him in Wolfsburg until June 30th 2012."   Former Netherlands and Ajax coach Marco van Basten has ruled himself out of the running to become the next boss of Italian giants AC Milan. 
Roger Ebert was seldom at a loss for words.   His debates with Gene Siskel, his longtime co-host on a succession of movie-review television shows, sometimes seemed to start before the introduction and often appeared to continue well after the credits rolled. He wrote reviews, columns, interviews and articles, an astonishing collection of work that spanned more than four decades with the Chicago Sun-Times, freelance contributions for magazines such as Esquire, CD-ROMs (Ebert's movie guide was one of the sources for the popular Cinemania) and rogerebert.com. He hosted festivals for underappreciated films. He gave running travelogues from Cannes and Toronto.   He tweeted, Facebooked, corresponded with film lovers and held court with words long after his physical voice was silenced by cancer a decade ago.   Ebert lost his battle with cancer Thursday. He was 70.   What a voice he had: firm, plain, brooking no claptrap and telling you exactly what he thought, a throwback, he said, to his newspaper reporter days. (Chicago, then and now, was full of such cheerily blunt personalities: Mike Royko, Irv Kupcinet, Studs Terkel -- perhaps to be expected in the birthplace of "The Front Page.")   Opinion: Ebert's sheer love of life   Above all, he was easy to relate to. Like many of his readers, I didn't always agree with Ebert, but I could understand his viewpoint. He understood movies were these complex machines of directors and actors and special effects guys and studio suits holding bags of money, machines that -- when they worked -- were magical, like dreams. And when they didn't, he could be a compassionate man, more forgiving than many other critics. 
Zürich or Zurich is the largest city in Switzerland and the capital of the canton of Zürich. It is located in north-central Switzerland at the northwestern tip of Lake Zürich. The municipality has approximately 400,028 inhabitants, the urban agglomeration 1.315 million and the Zürich metropolitan area 1.83 million. Zürich is a hub for railways, roads, and air traffic. Both Zürich Airport and railway station are the largest and busiest in the country.   Permanently settled for about 2000 years, Zürich was founded by the Romans, who, in 15 BC, called it "". However, early settlements have been found dating back more than 6400 years ago. During the Middle Ages, Zürich gained the independent and privileged status of imperial immediacy and, in 1519, became a primary centre of the Protestant Reformation in Europe under the leadership of Huldrych Zwingli.   The official language of Zurich is German, but the main spoken language is the local variant of the Alemannic Swiss German dialect. Many museums and art galleries can be found in the city, including the Swiss National Museum and the Kunsthaus. Schauspielhaus Zürich is one of the most important theatres in the German-speaking world.   Zürich is a leading global city and among the world's largest financial centres despite having a relatively small population. The city is home to a large number of financial institutions and banking giants. Most of Switzerland's research and development centres are concentrated in Zürich and the low tax rates attract overseas companies to set up their headquarters there.
For many people, the name Baskin-Robbins is connected to sweet memories of eating ice cream. Irvine Robbins, who helped create this famous company, died in May at the age of ninety. His career of making fun and exciting ice cream flavors changed the way Americans enjoy this food.   Irvine Robbins opened his first ice cream store in 1945 in California. At the time, there were no stores that sold only ice cream. His sister's husband, Burton Baskin, also opened his own ice cream stores.   In 1948 they combined their six stores into one business. Baskin and Robbins realized that they were too busy to operate each store well. So, they decided to sell part of each operation to the manager of that store. This permitted the company to grow quickly.   By 1953, they renamed their company Baskin-Robbins. They advertised that they sold 31 kinds of ice cream to show the many choices buyers had. There was one flavor for every day of the month.   Robbins and Baskin sold "Lunar Cheesecake " the day after astronauts landed on the moon in 1969. Other flavors included "ChaChaCha", for cherry chocolate chip, and Robbins' personal favorite "Jamoca Almond Fudge". They said, "We sell fun, not just ice cream."   By 1967, there were 500 Baskin-Robbins stores in the United States. The business partners sold their company that year. Today, there are more than 5,800 Baskin-Robbins stores around the world.
A mathematician who goes mad is not a subject most directors consider commercially attractive, but then Ron Howard isn't among most directors, despite an impressive list of credits, a Beautiful Mind is his most successful work to date, combining psychological drama with a moving love story to produce a film that is as interesting as it is entertaining. The Oscar winning Russel Crowe has put himself in line for further honors with his acting John Nash, the Nobel Prize-winning mathematician troubled by schizophrenia . A Beautiful Mind pictures Nash as an unusual hero, not just because of his academic achievements, but also because of the courage he displays while battling his illness. In 1947, Nash was one of many great young minds at Princeton. "To find a truly original idea is the only way to distinguish myself." The proud and determined student declared. His exploration of such an idea afforded him little time for the normal socializing. His shyness and straightforward approach brought him few friends. After finally _ a revolutionary new idea, Nash's career took off and his reputation was secured. He balanced research work with teaching, which is where he met the bright and beautiful student Alicia (Jennifer Connelly). Things in his life were going well when his talent for code breaking brought him to the attention of the military who employed him during the early stages of the cold war with Russia. However, the stress of his work made Nash's illness develop. Crowe's performance is perfect. He and Connelly ignite (make something exciting) the film's passionate love story and Connelly's wonderful performance makes the audience moved by Alicia, whose courage, strength and faith in her husband are the primary reasons for his recovery.
Is there intelligent life on other planets? For years, scientists said "no." or "we don't know." But today this is changing. Seth Shostak and Alexandra Barnett are astronomers . They believe intelligent life exists somewhere in the universe. They also think we sill soon contact these beings(;). Why do Shostak and Barnett think intelligent life exists on other planets? The first reason is time. Scientists believe the universe is about 12 billion years old. "This is long enough for other planets to have intelligent life," say Shostak and Barnett. The second reason is size--the universe is huge. "Tools like the Hubble Telescope have shown that there are at least 100 billion galaxies," says Shostak. "And our galaxy, the Milky Way, has at least 100 billion stars. Some planets going around these stars might be similar to Earth." In the past, it was hard to look for signs of intelligent life in the universe. But now, powerful telescopes allow scientists to discover smaller planets--the size of Mars or Earth--in other solar systems. These planets might have intelligent life. Have beings from space already visited Earth? "Probably not," says Shostak. "It's a long way away. However, intelligent beings may contact us in other way, such as radio signals . In fact, they may be trying to communicate with us now, but we don't have the right tools to receive their messages. However, this is changing. By 2025, we could make contact with other life forms in our universe and we might help each other."
Jon woke up knowing that today was finally the day. It was his birthday! He had been waiting for this day all year long. He was super excited to get all his presents and hoped he finally got the basketball he wanted. As he ran outside, he saw his parents weren't even awake yet! He looked at the clock and it was still only six in the morning. He tried to wake up his parents, but they told him to go back to sleep. Jon went back to his bed and laid there until it was finally time to open presents. His parents were brushing their teeth and taking a shower, so Jon waited outside where the presents were. He saw that he had three gifts from his parents waiting for him. He had really hoped there was a basketball. The first gift he opened was a new pair of pants his mom had bought for him. The second gift he opened was a picture of his favorite basketball player to hang on his wall. Jon was starting to feel nervous as there was only one gift left! He wished and wished with all his might for a basketball. The last box was a square shape. If it was a basketball, surely it would have been round! He opened the box and saw that it really was a basketball! His parents had put it in a box so it wouldn't be clear. He was so happy he hugged his parents and told them thank you. His parents brought the cake out and he ate cake, holding on to his basketball the whole time. There was pizza and ice cream and chips, but Jon was too full and wanted to play with his new ball right away!
Jeff Corwin is a scientist and writer. He does these jobs with one life goal help save animals and their habitats. His latest book, 100 Heartbeats: The Race to Save Earth's Most Endangered Species. Is a collection of stories about animals on the edge of _ . Corwin recently talked to a reporter. Reporter: How would you describe your job? Corwin: My job is to travel around, look at animals and tell their stories. Reporter : When did you know this is what your wanted to do? Corwin: I knew that when I was 6 years old. My dad was a police officer, and we lived in the city. I really enjoyed the time when I could go to the quiet countryside. One day I saw my very first wild snake and I knew that's what I would do for the rest of my life. I didn't know if I would be a teacher or a zookeeper, but I knew I would have a life connected with nature. Reporter: Why did you write the book? Corwin: We are losing species very fast. _ If we make big changes, we may have the chance to save what remains. Reporter: Is it true that humans are the reason that many of these animals are in danger? Corwin: Human beings have a powerful effect on every other living thing. It's important to make that effect a positive one. ,.
Hubert Joseph Schlafly was an electrical engineer who helped change the way actors, politicians and other people speak on television. In 1950, he and two other men developed the teleprompter. One co-worker, Fred Barton, was an actor. He had an idea for a tool that would help television actors read their lines without having to memorize them. The other co-worker was Irving Kahn. He worked as vice-president of radio and television at 20thCentury Fox.   The first teleprompter involved a person who held a long piece of paper printed with big letters. As the actor read the lines, another person would move the paper ahead on the device . The teleprompter was first used on a television program called "The First Hundred Years." Later versions used television screens to show the words that were to be read.   Hub Schlafly and his co-workers believed that many companies would want to buy the teleprompter. So, they left their jobs and created the TelePrompTer Corporation to sell their invention.   In 1952, former President Herbert Hoover became the first politician to use a teleprompter. The former president was speaking at the Republican National Convention in Chicago, USA. For a brief time, he stopped reading and began to talk about a subject not written in his speech. When Hoover wanted to continue the speech, the words on the teleprompter were not moving. He then said the machine should be restarted and viewers became aware of the new invention. Many reporters wrote about that incident, creating a new level of publicity for the teleprompter.   Soon more and more politicians started to use it to face the television camera while reading prepared statements, instead of looking down at their notes. Then the device was used for almost all live television broadcasts.
Charles went on a bike ride last week when he was on vacation. His father took him Saturday morning. It had rained Thursday and Friday. They got in his father's truck and put their bikes in the back. Father and son went to a bike path in a town near them. Trees were on both sides of the path. It was nice and warm outside, but Charles like riding on the road between the trees. There was a lot of shade. Charles saw several friends and people from school when they were riding. He got to ride with Harry and Peter. They also rode with Peter's sisters, Anne, Kelley, and Beth. His friend Paul also went by. They only said, "Hi," to each other. Charles fell once. He fell after seeing a girl he liked. Her name was Claire. She came over to see if he was okay. He had a small cut on his arm. His father put a bandage on his arm and they rode back to the truck. Charles and his father stopped for ice cream. They both got sundaes and ate them when they got home. They were glad they went for a ride because it also rained on Sunday.
Meryl Streep is an American actress who has worked in theatre, television and film. She is regarded as one of the most talented actresses of all time. The following is a list of movies that Meryl Streep has been involved with:   Kramer vs. Krammer (1979)   In the film, Meryl plays a mother caught up in a custody dispute . Her co-star, Dustin Hoffman, said, "She's extraordinarily hardworking. I think she thinks about nothing else but what she's doing." Meryl won her first Oscar for her performance in this film.   Sophie's Choice (1982)   Meryl plays Sophie, a Polish war survivor. To prepare for the role she learned to speak German and perfected a Polish accent. Film critic Roger Ebert said, "This is one of the most astonishing and yet one of the most natural performances I can imagine." Meryl won her second Best Actress Oscar for her performance.   Out of Africa(1985)   Meryl is Karen Blixen, a Danish woman living in Kenya in the early 20th century. The story follows Karens attempts to run a coffee plantation and her love affair with big-game hunter Denys. The film is based on the memoirs of the real Karen Blixen.   A Cry in the Dark (1995)   This is based on the true-life case of the disappearance of baby Azaria. Meryl plays Linda Chamberlain, a mother who is wrongly accused of killing her own child. After spending four years in prison, it was found that wild dogs had taken away the baby. Meryl won Best Actress at the 1989 Cannes Film Festival.   The Bridge of Madison County (1995)   This movie is based on one of the biggest bestsellers of the 20th century (the book sold 50 million copies worldwide). Meryl plays Francesca Johnson, an Italian war bride living in 1960s Iowa. It's about her brief affair with photographer Robert Kincaid.   Mamma Mial(2008)   This is a romantic comedy based on the stage musical Mamma Mial, featuring the music from 1970s Swedish pop group ABBA. Meryl plays Donna Sheridan, a hotel owner on the Greek island of Kalokairi. Mamma Mial made over U.S. $ 600 million worldwide. Apparently, Meryl had seen the musical in 2001 and was completely absorbed in it. She had no idea that seven years later she'd be in the movie version.
Nick Wilkins was diagnosed with leukemia when he was 4 years old, and when the cancer kept bouncing back, impervious to all the different treatments the doctors tried, his father sat him down for a talk.   John Wilkins explained to Nick, who was by then 14, that doctors had tried chemotherapy, radiation, even a bone marrow transplant from his sister.   "I explained to him that we're running out of options," Wilkins remembers telling his son.   There was one possible treatment they could try: an experimental therapy at the University of Pennsylvania.   He asked his son if he understood what it would mean if this treatment didn't work.   "He understood he could die," Wilkins says. "He was very stoic."   A few months later, Nick traveled from his home in Virginia to Philadelphia to become a part of the experiment.   This new therapy was decidedly different from the treatments he'd received before: Instead of attacking his cancer with poisons like chemotherapy and radiation, the Philadelphia doctors taught Nick's own immune cells to become more adept at killing the cancer.   Two months later, he emerged cancer-free. It's been six months since Nick, now 15, received the personalized cell therapy, and doctors still can find no trace of leukemia in his system.   Trusting her intuition led to two cancer diagnoses   Twenty-one other young people received the same treatment at The Children's Hospital of Philadelphia, and 18 of them, like Nick, went into complete remission -- one of them has been disease-free for 20 months. The Penn doctors released their findings this weekend at the annual meeting of the American Society of Hematology. 
Parents have widely different views on the problem of pocket money. Four new fathers were asked this question and this is how they answered.   Ashish Khanna: Although many argue that pocket money helps develop children's sense of value, I don't agree. I wouldn't give my child any pocket money. First of all, I never got pocket money and I seem to have a good value for money. If my child ever needed something and I felt it was a reasonable request, I would buy it for him.   Sharad Sanghi: No, I wouldn't give my child pocket money because I don't want to create the perception of "her" money and "my" money. Besides, if I refuse to buy her something that I think is bad for her, she may buy it with her pocket money _ In this way, I would lose control over my child's requests. I feel it also encourages children to care more about money than anything else. I don't want my child to start judging other children by the amount of money or pocket money they have.   Rakesh Shah: Yes, I would give my child pocket money because I feel that children should learn to spend money properly. I will give him a fixed amount every month and if he spends the money before the month is over, he will learn a lesson and not spend money so freely. He will learn what his limitations are and feel the difficulty when he has to pay for something that is over his own pocket.   Rajiv Patel: Yes, I would give my child pocket money because it is important that he learns to manage money. But I would not give it to him on a weekly or monthly basis. He would have to earn it. If he helped me finish some of my jobs or helped his mother with housework, I would reward him. This helps him realize that "money does not grow on trees" and it requires hard work to earn money.
I'm Marie. I work in a nursing home and my job is to look after the old people. Alice is one of them. She's a very nice old woman. This year, Alice had a difficult time. She went to hospital twice. In November, I finally could get her back to her "home". Alice hoped that her daughter could come to visit her on Christmas Eve because she wanted to be with her family, like the old days. But her daughter was coming after Christmas, so she was very sad. I also felt sad because she would be alone on the holiday! On Christmas Eve, I took her to a candlelight service at church that night. I didn't take her to my church. I took her to the church in her old neighborhood. We got there early and I let her sit near the door, so people could see her when they came in. Soon some of her friends came to the church and they all talked to her and sat with her. Alice got a lot of love from her old and new friends there. She said she loved the gift like this. That night, I thought I got the best gift: the smile on Alice's face. .
A man named Albert had the choice to build a tree house, a garage, a desk, or a cabinet. Albert chose to build something big to share with his kid, so he wanted to make a tree house. Albert had to choose what kind of stuff to make the tree house out of. Wood is popular, but splinters would hurt his son. Metal is very strong, but it would also be very hard to use. Plastic is not expensive, but it also bends a lot. The last choice was to give up, but Albert really wanted to do this for his son. It would make him very happy. Albert ended up choosing wood, as it was the most popular choice. Albert went to the store to buy nails, tools, and wood, but forgot to buy glue. He had to go back there and he finally had everything he needed. He got started and it was very hard. One hour went by, then two, then three, then four. Finally, on the fifth hour, Albert finally finished the tree house. His son ran out and jumped into his dad's arms. They both looked at it, and Albert's son gave his dad a kiss for all the hard work he had done. Albert looked at the tree house he had built and was very happy. He had done it all by himself, and he was happy to see his son being so happy as well. They would have a long summer of playing together in the tree house that Albert built. It was one of the best tree houses ever!
Answers to the quiz are in bold.   1. What is the 5-digit number in which the first, third and last digits are the same, the first digit is four less than the second, the last is four less than the fourth and the second and fourth are the same? (Hint: The sum of all the digits is 33.) 59,595   2. Boris Smetana and Karl Smith were world-class chess champions. In one series of matches, each won every game. How? They were not playing each other   3. Nicole was sure she got the right answer when her botany teacher asked her to pick out the plant that was not a tree from the list below. Which one would you choose? Peach, plum, walnut, linden, banana Banana   4. Six bricklayers can lay 24 bricks in half an hour. How many bricks can 12 bricklayers lay in two hours? 192 (Each bricklayer lays four bricks in half an hour, or eight bricks in an hour. That is 16 bricks in two hours times 12 bricklayers who can lay 16 bricks each.)   5. What is the number that is one more than one-tenth of one-fifth of one-half of 4,000? 41. (4,000/2 = 2,000, /5=400,/10=40,+1=41)   6. In a pie-eating contest, Alice was neither first nor last, but she beat Evan. Ben beat Alice. Carol beat Dan who beat Ben. Who was last? Evan   7. What letter would logically complete the series below? A Z B Y C X D W E? V (There are two series: A to E forward and Z, Y, X, W backward) 
Delia was a young pianist. Her husband, Joe, was a young artist. Each of them was taking lessons: Joe with a famous art teacher, and Delia with a great pianist from Germany. Their teachers were the very best, so lessons were expensive, more than they could really afford, but...when you love your art, nothing is too much. But soon the money began to run out, and they couldn't afford the lessons any more. Then one day Delia came back home and told Joe that she had met a man whose daughter, Sally, wanted to learn the piano, and he was going to pay her $ 50 an hour. "Delia," Joe said, "I'll be much happier if you keep up your lessons," Delia said it didn't matter. "When I've had some money, I'll continue." But Joe also decided to stop his lessons, to draw pictures and sell them. A few days later, Joe came home and proudly took $ 200 from his pocket. "I met a man from Vermont," he said, "who bought one of my pictures. And he wants to buy more!" _ .They didn't have to worry any more about money. Then, one day, Joe came home and saw that Delia's hand was wrapped in a bandage . He asked her what had happened. "Oh," said Delia. "My student, Sally, asked me to make some coffee for her. I dropped the coffee and burned my hand. Sally went straight to the drugstore and got this bandage for me. " "Delia, what have you been doing the last two weeks?" Joe asked. She tried not to tell him, but the tears came. "Oh Joe, I couldn't get any students, so I worked as a waitress in a restaurant. Today, I burned my hand with hot water. So I can't work any more. But we'll still have money from the man in Vermont, won't we?" Joe looked at her. "There's no man in Vermont, " he said. "I've been working in a drugstore, and today someone came in to buy bandages for a woman who's burned her hand. So when I saw you, well, I guessed." They both laughed. [A story by O. Henry--adapted ]
Africa is the world's second-largest and second-most-populous continent (the first being Asia). At about 30.3 million km (11.7 million square miles) including adjacent islands, it covers 6% of Earth's total surface area and 20.4% of its total land area. With /1e9 round 1 billion people as of , it accounts for about 16% of the world's human population. The continent is surrounded by the Mediterranean Sea to the north, both the Suez Canal and the Red Sea along the Sinai Peninsula to the northeast, the Indian Ocean to the southeast and the Atlantic Ocean to the west. The continent includes Madagascar and various archipelagos. It contains 54 fully recognised sovereign states (countries), nine territories and two "de facto" independent states with limited or no recognition.   Africa's average population is the youngest amongst all the continents; the median age in 2012 was 19.7, when the worldwide median age was 30.4. Algeria is Africa's largest country by area, and Nigeria is its largest by population. Africa, particularly central Eastern Africa, is widely accepted as the place of origin of humans and the Hominidae clade (great apes), as evidenced by the discovery of the earliest hominids and their ancestors, as well as later ones that have been dated to around seven million years ago, including "Sahelanthropus tchadensis", "Australopithecus africanus", "A. afarensis", "Homo erectus", "H. habilis" and "H. ergaster"—with the earliest "Homo sapiens" (modern human) found in Ethiopia being dated to circa 200,000 years ago. Africa straddles the equator and encompasses numerous climate areas; it is the only continent to stretch from the northern temperate to southern temperate zones.
No one knows exactly when jazz was invented, or by whom. But it is said that it began in the early 1900s. Jazz was a new kind of music, for America and the world, and New Orleans was its birthplace.   Who were the jazz pioneers? Most were blacks. This music was not written down, and at first only blacks played it. It was hard for white musicians to learn the new style. But soon they, too, were playing jazz.   The popularity of this music spread. From New Orleans, it traveled up the Mississippi to Chicago, then to Kansas City and New York. By the 1920s, there were many jazz musicians, both black and white. Many of them were famous. One man was better than the rest. His name was Louis Armstrong.   Louis Armstrong was a born musician. He was not only talented but also hard-working. He also had a good sense of humor and a big, good-natured smile. These personal qualities were valuable in his rise to fame. After he became famous, he traveled around the world. It seemed that everyone wanted to hear Louis play. But life was not always easy, especially at the beginning.   Louis Armstrong was born in 1900 in New Orleans. His father never went to school and his mother could hardly read. When Louis was still a kid, his parents separated, and Louis lived with his mother. How hard their life was can readily be imagined. And yet Louis smiled through everything. He later wrote, "My whole life has been happiness. Life was there for me and I accepted it. Whatever happened has been beautiful to me. I love everybody."
The theory of relativity usually encompasses two interrelated theories by Albert Einstein: special relativity and general relativity. Special relativity applies to elementary particles and their interactions, describing all their physical phenomena except gravity. General relativity explains the law of gravitation and its relation to other forces of nature. It applies to the cosmological and astrophysical realm, including astronomy.   The theory transformed theoretical physics and astronomy during the 20th century, superseding a 200-year-old theory of mechanics created primarily by Isaac Newton. It introduced concepts including spacetime as a unified entity of space and time, relativity of simultaneity, kinematic and gravitational time dilation, and length contraction. In the field of physics, relativity improved the science of elementary particles and their fundamental interactions, along with ushering in the nuclear age. With relativity, cosmology and astrophysics predicted extraordinary astronomical phenomena such as neutron stars, black holes, and gravitational waves.   Albert Einstein published the theory of special relativity in 1905, building on many theoretical results and empirical findings obtained by Albert A. Michelson, Hendrik Lorentz, Henri Poincaré and others. Max Planck, Hermann Minkowski and others did subsequent work.   Einstein developed general relativity between 1907 and 1915, with contributions by many others after 1915. The final form of general relativity was published in 1916.
The unexpected resignation of David Petraeus as head of the CIA must have come as a shock to many Americans, especially given his impeccable record as a distinguished military commander. But like the greatest heroes from Shakespeare, it would appear that he was not exempt from the time-honored temptations of human folly and self-destruction.   And now the plot is thickening, as details emerge that Gen. John Allen, the commander of U.S. and NATO troops in Afghanistan, is involved somehow in the scandal.   As Americans are coming to terms with the revelation of Petraeus' adultery, on the other side of the Atlantic, the feeling among the French can be summed up by a blasÃ© shrug.   Every time a steamy sexual intrigue is laid bare near the corridors of Washington power, the French don't see what all the fuss is about. It's only sex, after all. It's impossible to imagine a French political leader resigning because of an extramarital indiscretion. If this rule were observed, the French parliament would be nearly vacant.   The Petraeus affair: A lot more than sex   The past five French presidents are known to have had at least one -- and in some cases, many more -- mistresses throughout their political career. The current resident of the ElysÃ©e Palace, Francois Hollande, has been caught in the middle of an embarrassing dispute between his previous and current female companions. The French, long used to regarding their leaders with cynical detachment, have been following this tormented domestic feud with interest and maybe some contempt. 
Once upon a time there was a fish that lived in a bowl. The fish wanted to give a kid a party. But the fish was sad. The fish had no present to give to the kid. The fish would give the kid a spoon. But the fish had no spoon. The fish was a cutie. The fish had an idea. The fish had a stone in the bowl. The fish could give the kid the stone! The fish took the stone from the bowl. The fish put the stone in a bag. The fish gave the kid a party and gave the kid the stone as a gift. The kid told his granddaddy and his mommy that the fish was a cutie. The kid gave the fish a banana. The fish ate the banana and was very happy. The fish and the kid are friends and they love each other.
Is there anything the latest cell phone can't do? It can record movies, surf the net, and download the newest MP3 songs, but don't let those fancy features fool you.   After all, chances are that phones have a Global Positioning System (GPS) chip. GPS lets phone companies determine the location of your phone at all times. If you are hurt and call 911, rescuers can find you by using your phone's GPS.   But emergency officials aren't the only people interested in knowing where you are. Several new companies are using cell phones with GPS to monitor teen drivers for _ parents.   The programs vary, but most of them allow parents to use the Internet to monitor their kids' locations, driving habits and speed. Some programs even let parents set speed and location limits so that they are alerted if their kids drive too fast or go beyond a predetermined boundary.   Supporters of monitoring say that the programs also help if a teen is kidnapped or lost. Andrea Gutierrez uses a driving program to help her daughter get home. "I give her directions by looking at an online map, which shows me where she is".   Jean Nichols, 17, says that parents are forgetting one very important thing: trust. "I don't like the idea of someone using a device that keeps tabs on me."   Others say the information could be misused. "If everyone can find out exactly where your 17-year-old girl is at all times, it will present a potentially dangerous problem," Hohn Lawford told the Ottawa Citizen.   Alana Watenpuhl, 19, says that teens can easily outsmart the programs. "Teens can always leave their cell phones somewhere and then go out with their friends. It's not likely that the chips are attached to their bodies," she told reporters. "But who knows?" she added. "That might be what's coming next."
A lamb named Lana woke up on an early Monday morning. After taking a shower and getting dressed, she chose to start making something to eat. In the end, she made eggs, toast and coffee for her breakfast. While she was eating, she was called on the telephone by her good friend Drake the dog. They chose to meet up after Lana finished eating so they could take a walk around the park. Drake also told her that their friend, Terry the turtle, would not be joining them. As soon as Lana finished cleaning her dishes, she heard a knock on her door - it was Drake! She threw on her coat and went outside, so they could start their walk. In the end, they spent a few hours walking along the park's sidewalk, until ending up back near Lana's house. "Let's do this again soon!" Drake said, as he wagged his tail. "Sure!" Lana said, as she walked back into her home. Lana made a light dinner, cleaned up, then chose to hop into bed. She soon fell asleep.
True Manliness   "Please, mother, do sit down and let me try my hand,"said Fred Liscom, a bright active boy, twelve years old. Mrs. Liscom, looking pale and worn, was moving languidly about, trying to clear away the breakfast she had scarcely tasted.   She smiled and said, "You, Fred, you wash dishes?"   "Yes, indeed, mother," answered Fred. "I should be a poor scholar if I couldn't, when I've seen you do it so many times. Just try me."   A look of relief came over his mother's face as she seated herself in her low rocking chair. Fred washed the dishes and put them in the closet. He swept the kitchen, brought up the potatoes from the cellar for the dinner and washed them, and then set out for school.   Fred's father was away from home and as there was some cold meat in the pantry , Mrs. Liscom found it an easy task to prepare dinner. Fred hurried home from school, set the table, and again washed the dishes.   He kept on in this way for two or three days, until his mother was able to resume her usual work. He felt amply rewarded when the doctor, who happened in one day, said, "Well, madam, it's my opinion that you would have been very sick if you had not kept quiet."   The doctor did not know how the "quiet" had been secured, nor how the boy's heart bounded at his words. Fred had given up a great deal of what boys hold dear, for the purpose of helping his mother, coasting and skating being just at this time in perfection.   Besides this, his temper and his patience had been severely tried. He had been in the habit of going early to school and staying to play after it was dismissed.   The boys missed him and their curiosity was excited when he would give no other reason for not coming to school earlier, or staying after school, than that he was "Wanted at home."   "I'll tell you," said Tom Barton, "I'll find him out, boys-see if I don't!"   So, one morning on his way to school, he called on Fred. As he went around to the side door, he walked lightly and somewhat nearer the kitchen window than was ly needful. Looking in, he saw Fred standing at the table with a dishcloth in his hand.   Of course he reported this at school, and various were the greetings poor Fred received at recess ."Well, you're a brave one to stay at home washing dishes!""Girl boy!" "Pretty Bessie!""Lost your apron, haven't you, Polly!"   Fred was not wanting either in spirit or in courage, and he was strongly tempted to resent these insults and to fight some of his tormentors . But his consciousness of right and his love for his mother helped him.   While he was struggling for self-mastery, his teacher appeared at the door of the schoolhouse. Fred caught his eye, and it seemed to look, if it did not say, "Don't give up! Be really brave!" He knew the teacher had heard the insulting taunts of his thoughtless schoolmates.   The boys received notice during the day that Fred must not be taunted in any manner. They knew that the teacher meant what he said; and so the brave little boy had no further trouble.
There are plenty of reasons to fall in love with a staircase.   It's a home's conduit and connector. It ushers life along, makes a grand impression on visitors and serves as the backdrop for family memories.   "It's where my daughter took pictures for her first daddy-daughter dance," said Anisa Darnell, part of the Milk and Honey Home decorator team from Roswell, Georgia. Her home's staircase is also special to her because her grandfather posed with her daughter for a snapshot there before he passed away.   The back staircase in Emily A. Clark's home is significant because it's mostly used by her kids. "I've also caught them playing school on the little landing in the middle of the stairs."   Jacki Poovey and her husband designed their staircase to be a grand, welcoming part of their Cary, North Carolina home, but it's also at the heart of countless family memories. It still bears reminders of the time their puppy chewed every bit of molding from the edges of the newel post to the cap molding on the treads. "It's a lived-in home," says Poovey.   Massive undertakings, like DIY home renovations, can imbue a home's staircase with lasting impressions of the experience.   "If you paint three stories of spindles, you never forget it," Victoria Barnes said of the painstaking restoration she and her husband undertook in their 1890 Victorian home near Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.   Barnes blogs about the "really, really, really slow" process of their work, which she calls wonderful and overwhelming.   Christine Price, from Manchester, England, can relate, having spent 250 hours stripping, sanding and painting the staircase in her Edwardian home. "The staircase is the first thing you see when you enter our home," she said. "Now that it's restored it makes such a huge difference to the whole feel of the house." 
Napoléon Bonaparte (/nəˈpoʊliən, -ˈpoʊljən/; French: [napɔleɔ̃ bɔnapaʁt], born Napoleone di Buonaparte; 15 August 1769 – 5 May 1821) was a French military and political leader who rose to prominence during the French Revolution and led several successful campaigns during the Revolutionary Wars. As Napoleon I, he was Emperor of the French from 1804 until 1814, and again in 1815. Napoleon dominated European and global affairs for more than a decade while leading France against a series of coalitions in the Napoleonic Wars. He won most of these wars and the vast majority of his battles, building a large empire that ruled over continental Europe before its final collapse in 1815. Often considered one of the greatest commanders in history, his wars and campaigns are studied at military schools worldwide. He also remains one of the most celebrated and controversial political figures in Western history. In civil affairs, Napoleon had a major long-term impact by bringing liberal reforms to the territories that he conquered, especially the Low Countries, Switzerland, and large parts of modern Italy and Germany. He implemented fundamental liberal policies in France and throughout Western Europe.[note 1] His lasting legal achievement, the Napoleonic Code, has been adopted in various forms by a quarter of the world's legal systems, from Japan to Quebec.
New Delhi (i/ˌnjuː ˈdɛli/) is a municipality and district in Delhi which serves as the capital and seat of government of India. In addition, it also serves as the seat of Government of Delhi.   The foundation stone of the city was laid by George V, Emperor of India during the Delhi Durbar of 1911. It was designed by British architects, Sir Edwin Lutyens and Sir Herbert Baker. The new capital was inaugurated on 13 February 1931, by India's Viceroy Lord Irwin.   Although colloquially Delhi and New Delhi as names are used interchangeably to refer to the jurisdiction of NCT of Delhi, these are two distinct entities, and the latter is a small part of the former.   New Delhi has been selected as one of the hundred Indian cities to be developed as a smart city under PM Narendra Modi's flagship Smart Cities Mission.   Calcutta (now Kolkata) was the capital of India during the British Raj until December 1911. However, Delhi had served as the political and financial centre of several empires of ancient India and the Delhi Sultanate, most notably of the Mughal Empire from 1649 to 1857. During the early 1900s, a proposal was made to the British administration to shift the capital of the British Indian Empire (as it was officially called) from Calcutta to Delhi. Unlike Calcutta, which was located on the eastern coast of India, Delhi was at the centre of northern India and the Government of British India felt that it would be logistically easier to administer India from the latter rather than the former.
The 1960 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the XVII Olympiad (Italian: "Giochi della XVII Olimpiade"), was an international multi-sport event held from August 25 to September 11, 1960, in Rome, Italy. Rome had been awarded the organization of the 1908 Summer Olympics, but after the 1906 eruption of Mount Vesuvius, was forced to decline and pass the honors to London.   On June 15, 1955, at the 50th IOC Session in Paris, France, Rome beat out Lausanne, Detroit, Budapest (being the first city of the Eastern Bloc to bid for the Olympic Games), Brussels, Mexico City and Tokyo for the rights to host the Games. Tokyo and Mexico City would eventually host the following 1964 and 1968 Summer Olympics.   Toronto was initially interested in the bidding, but appears to have been dropped during the final bid process. This is the first of five attempts by Toronto up to 2001, which all ended in failure.         ¹ New facilities constructed in preparation for the Olympic Games. ² Existing facilities modified or refurbished in preparation for the Olympic Games.   A total of 83 nations participated at the Rome Games. Athletes from Morocco, San Marino, Sudan, and Tunisia competed at the Olympic Games for the first time. Athletes from Barbados, Jamaica and Trinidad and Tobago would represent the new (British) West Indies Federation, competing as "Antilles", but this nation would only exist for this single Olympiad. Athletes from Northern Rhodesia and Southern Rhodesia competed under the Rhodesia name while representing the Federation of Rhodesia and Nyasaland. Athletes from East Germany and West Germany would compete as the United Team of Germany from 1956 to 1964. The number in parentheses indicates the number of participants that each country contributed.
I am Steve. I was born and grew up in South Wales. My favorite place to play was out on the hills where my imagination had plenty of space to expand . My family moved out of Wales when I was thirteen. I went to a new school. One of my subjects was French. Because I had never learned any French, my teacher told me to sit in the corner and write anything I was interested in. That's the time I started writing, just for myself, and I've been writing ever since. I have always loved BIG IDEAS, and so I enjoy writing fantastic stories. And I also write horror I think they are like the old fairytales ,and can teach you important things. I am in my forties on the outside, twelve on the inside. I like rock music, Indian and Chinese food, and I enjoy drinking. I live in a small village with my wife Mary, ducks, cats, goats, hens and lots of rabbits. If you'd like to find out more about me and hope to buy any books, go to
Dennis Rodman, the former NBA star and the first American known to have met North Korean leader Kim Jong Un, was in the secretive country again this past week, purportedly to meet his "friend Kim, the Marshal" and perhaps also, to negotiate for the release of Kenneth Bae, a U.S. citizen detained since November.   Rodman's second trip to North Korea this year comes months after months of threats of nuclear annihilation from Pyongyang. His desire to help Bae is likely to be registered in the annals of diplomatic history as little more than a little diverting adventure.   But one never knows. The "Marshal," who has actually never served in the military, might choose to act in a statesmanlike manner and release Bae after another high-spirited soiree with the basketball legend. That would be good news for Bae, who is reportedly in poor health.   Other detained Americans   Such a dramatic gesture of goodwill by the reclusive leader would achieve the effect of adding insult to the United States in light of North Korea's recent cancellation of an invitation to the U.S. special envoy on North Korean human rights issues.   Rodman, of course, is not qualified to carry out negotiations with North Korea on sensitive political issues. Nor does the North Korean leadership see him as a credible conveyor of official message to Washington.   Kim's unconventional courting of Rodman is about equivalent to his enjoyment of Disney characters and scantily clad women on stage. It's all jolly and trite pleasure.   Kim's attraction to American icons such as the NBA or Hollywood does not signal a genuine overture to Washington. It does not indicate intentions of reform or opening up of the isolated totalitarian state that imprisons some 1% of its population in political concentration camps. 
When your pet meets your infant, it might not be love at first sniff.   Baby's Best Friend   When Jennifer Merritt brought her baby, Arielle, home from the hospital, her cherished dogs had very different reactions. Her boxer, Sonya, was immediately gentle and protective. But Tiger, the Pomeranian, was less welcoming: "If any diapers or toys were on the floor, he peed on them!"says the Greenbrier, prefix = st1 /Arkansas, mom. Tiger isn't the first dog to feel jealous of a baby. In the eyes of a pet's, there's a new star in town who's stealing his spotlight. Even the most gentle animal will probably act up if he doesn't get his usual attention. These simple steps will help your pet adjust -- and keep your baby safe.   u Introduce Them with Care   Your newborn and pet's first encounter can set the tone for their relationship. To make it as smooth as possible, try this trick from Caryn Ruiz, of Raleigh, North Carolina: "Before we left the hospital, my husband took blankets home to our dog, Daisy, so she'd know our newborn Devon's smell." When you get home, have your husband carry the baby so you can greet your pet without worrying about her jumping on you. A cat will likely walk away at first, while a dog will probably want to investigate right away.   To introduce your baby, get down on your pet's level and let her have a hello sniff. Don't panic and pull your newborn away unless your pet is barking or hissing, because it'll send the message that the baby is a threat.   u Learn the Safety Basics   No matter how smoothly the introduction goes, there are certain safety rules you should follow, says Bonnie Beaver, DVM, past president of the American Veterinary Medical Association. Number one: Never leave your baby alone with the pet. Even the gentlest animal can react unpredictably. Your baby's crying could frighten your cat, or your dog could suddenly become territorial. Consider setting up baby gates to limit your pet's access. To keep your cat from jumping into the bassinet , try putting mosquito netting over the top. Cats hate sticky paws, so keep the crib and changing table off-limits by lining the edges with sticky strips made for furniture (available in most pet stores). You can also train your dog to sleep in a crate.
It used to be called "the love that dare not speak its name" -- particularly in Hollywood, where the revelation of homosexuality was believed to be a career-killer.   Clay Aiken recently announced he was gay on the cover of People magazine.   Now, out gays and lesbians are as casually visible as the cover of People magazine, which has recently run stories on Ellen DeGeneres' wedding to Portia de Rossi and Clay Aiken's decision to discuss his sexuality.   So, in a time when self-declared bisexual Tila Tequila can have a highly rated MTV show on looking for a partner of either sex, Lindsay Lohan talks about her relationship with DJ Samantha Ronson and "Star Trek's" George Takei can have a very public wedding with his longtime partner, is coming out still a big deal?   Publicist Howard Bragman, author of the forthcoming "Where's My Fifteen Minutes" (Portfolio), says that it is.   "Every person that comes out is another barrier coming down," Bragman, who is openly gay, told CNN.com. Acceptance by the mainstream public, he observes, is easier but by no means automatic, particularly when issues such as gay marriage are at stake. "I look at it as a long-term process. The revolution is over -- now it's an evolution." Watch "American Morning's" Lola Ogunnaike look at changing attitudes »   Bragman was around when a performer revealing his or her homosexuality could still shock. He helped guide Dick Sargent when the "Bewitched" star came out of the closet in 1989, and remembers when it was difficult to get support for movies such as "Philadelphia," the 1993 film that won Tom Hanks an Oscar as a lawyer dying of AIDS. 
Texas is the second largest state in the United States by both area and population. Geographically located in the South Central region of the country, Texas shares borders with the U.S. states of Louisiana to the east, Arkansas to the northeast, Oklahoma to the north, New Mexico to the west, and the Mexican states of Chihuahua, Coahuila, Nuevo León, and Tamaulipas to the southwest, while the Gulf of Mexico is to the southeast.   Houston is the most populous city in Texas and the fourth largest in the U.S., while San Antonio is the second most populous in the state and seventh largest in the U.S. Dallas–Fort Worth and Greater Houston are the fourth and fifth largest metropolitan statistical areas in the country, respectively. Other major cities include Austin, the second most populous state capital in the U.S., and El Paso. Texas is nicknamed "The Lone Star State" to signify its former status as an independent republic, and as a reminder of the state's struggle for independence from Mexico. The "Lone Star" can be found on the Texas state flag and on the Texan state seal. The origin of Texas's name is from the word "Tejas," which means "friends" in the Caddo language.
It's called the Terrorist Identities Datamart Environment, and weeks before authorities say he got on a plane with a bomb, Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab was in it.   The vast government databank, known as TIDE, is administered by the FBI's Terrorist Screening Center. It contains information about hundreds of thousands of people, the majority of them foreign nationals, who are suspected of having terrorist leanings.   An FBI official said AbdulMutallab was included in TIDE after his father warned the U.S. Embassy in Nigeria of his son's hard-line beliefs and possible ties to militant Islamists.   To understand how he could have been under the government's scrutiny and still make it onto a U.S.-bound plane with an explosive, you have to understand the way the government's watch list system works. TIDE is just the start.   The FBI uses the raw information contained in the TIDE databank to determine whether to put the subject onto the government's terror watch list, known as the Terrorism Screening Data Base. That list contains the names and aliases of about 400,000 people, but AbdulMutallab didn't make the cut.   According to Chad Kolton, a spokesman for the FBI's Terror Screening Center, there wasn't enough hard evidence to back up AbdulMutallab's father's fears, and so he wasn't placed on the terror list.   The bureau's own Web site spells out the criteria for inclusion in the screening database, saying that "only individuals who are known or reasonably suspected to be or have been engaged in conduct constituting, in preparation for, in aid of, or related to terrorism are included." 
Bohemia is the westernmost and largest historical region of the Czech lands in the present-day Czech Republic. In a broader meaning, Bohemia sometimes refers to the entire Czech territory, including Moravia and Czech Silesia, especially in a historical context, such as the Lands of the Bohemian Crown ruled by Bohemian kings.   Bohemia was a duchy of Great Moravia, later an independent principality, a kingdom in the Holy Roman Empire, and subsequently a part of the Habsburg Monarchy and the Austrian Empire. After World War I and the establishment of an independent Czechoslovak state, Bohemia became a part of Czechoslovakia. Between 1938 and 1945, border regions with sizeable German-speaking minorities of all three Czech lands were joined to Nazi Germany as the Sudetenland.   The remainder of Czech territory became the Second Czechoslovak Republic and was subsequently occupied as the Protectorate of Bohemia and Moravia, In 1969, the Czech lands (including Bohemia) were given autonomy within Czechoslovakia as the Czech Socialist Republic. In 1990, the name was changed to the Czech Republic, which become a separate state in 1993 with the dissolution of Czechoslovakia. Until 1948, Bohemia was an administrative unit of Czechoslovakia as one of its "lands" ("země"). Since then, administrative reforms have replaced self-governing lands with a modified system of "regions" ("kraje") which do not follow the borders of the historical Czech lands (or the regions from the 1960 and 2000 reforms). However, the three lands are mentioned in the preamble of the Constitution of the Czech Republic: "We, citizens of the Czech Republic in Bohemia, Moravia and Silesia…"
Scotland's Paul Lawrie carded a final round seven-under-par 65 on Sunday to win the Qatar Masters by four strokes, his second victory in the tournament.   The 43-year-old -- who also won in Doha in 1999, the year he went on the lift the British Open -- recorded a 15-under-par aggregate of 201, clear of Australian Jason Day and Sweden's Peter Hanson, in an event reduced to 54 holes because of high winds.   Holding a one-shot lead after Saturday's second round, Lawrie produced a bogey-free 18 holes, with a brilliant eagle on the par-five ninth the highlight of his round.   Day matched Lawrie's 65, and briefly threatened after opening with four successive birdies, but two dropped shots soon afterwards halted his charge.   Meanwhile, Hanson posted a 67 to follow up consecutive 69s to ensure he shared second place.   "I don't think I can play much better than that," Lawrie told the official European Tour website.   "I've been playing well for a long, long time, but it's just nice to come out one ahead and shoot seven- under-par.   "When you've got a chance to win a tournament you don't sleep as well the night before and things go racing through your mind," he added.   "You've got to get back to basics and I did that. I hit some nice shots coming in."   John Daly matched his opening 67 to finish alone in fourth place, six shots off the leader, while Sergio Garcia was one of four players who finished a further shot behind. 
In anticipation of an extraordinary visit, the streets and buildings of Havana, Cuba, were cleaned and painted by dozens of workers. What was the occasion?   For the first time in nearly 90 years, a sitting United States president was coming to Cuba, an island nation 90 miles south of Florida. On Sunday, President Barack Obama, joined by his family, stepped off Air Force One and onto a rainy runway, where Cuban dignitaries eagerly awaited him. "It's wonderful to be here, " the president said. The last time a U.S. president came to Cuba was in 1928. It was President Calvin Coolidge, and he arrived on a battleship. Obama will be in Cuba through Tuesday. He is set to meet with Cuba's president, Raul Castro, attend a state dinner and even take in a baseball game.   The U.S. cut all ties with Cuba after Fidel Castro's communist government took control of the island in 1959. In the years that followed, both countries' opposing political views furthered the separation. Plans for social and economic change began after President Fidel Castro transferred power to his brother, Raul in 2008. Raul Castro then set a plan in motion to revive the country's economy.   Since then, Cuba has been taking small, yet lasting steps toward change by removing a number of restrictions that had been set on its citizens, such as access to the Internet, the use of cellphones, and by allowing people to work at jobs not controlled by the government. Cuba, however, still has tough limits on media, public assembly and political opposition.   Obama hopes to share his vision for Cuba's future during a speech he will deliver. Before the trip, Senior Advisor Ben Rhodes said the president hoped to use this visit as a way to "continue to create openings for great engagement between the American and Cuban people."
Recipients of this year's Annenberg scholarships were announced on June 19. Brittany Blythe was one of them.   In seventh grade,Brittany Blythe dreamed of being a cheerleader . Her school's coaches were less than enthusiastic. "They said. 'I don't know how you'll be able to do it'. "she recalls. "'You won't be able to do it'."   But Brittany,now a junior at Strath Haven High School near Philadelphia,refused to give up. And when the junior school cheerleaders won a tournament last year, she was right there,dancing and cheering with the rest of the team.   Not bad for someone whose legs were cut off below the knee when she was two years old.   Brittany,18,was born without shinbones --"just blood and muscle tissue,"as she puts it. When she tried to walk, her legs twisted.   After the operation, she adapted quickly. "From day one,I basically jumped up and wanted to do everything,'' she says. Prostheses allowed her to move around upright. But too slowly to keep up with her friends. Brittany's solution was to take the legs off and walk on her knees something she still does when safety and comfort permit.   She has been rarely discouraged. Other children laughed at her through the years,especially in junior high school,but she says the challenge only made her stronger. Now she's trying to convince her coaches to let her remove the prostheses and be a flyer. The cheerleader who's thrown in the air and caught by her teammates.   Brittany doesn't think her problems put her at a disadvantage. "My disability was the first thing I had to get through., and that's going to prepare me for the future. "she says. "It's all just a test:If someone throws you a difficult problem,what are you going to do?"
In psychology, memory is the process in which information is encoded, stored, and retrieved. Encoding allows information from the outside world to be sensed in the form of chemical and physical stimuli. In the first stage the information must be changed so that it may be put into the encoding process. Storage is the second memory stage or process. This entails that information is maintained over short periods of time. Finally the third process is the retrieval of information that has been stored. Such information must be located and returned to the consciousness. Some retrieval attempts may be effortless due to the type of information, and other attempts to remember stored information may be more demanding for various reasons.   Short-term memory is believed to rely mostly on an acoustic code for storing information, and to a lesser extent a visual code. Conrad (1964) found that test subjects had more difficulty recalling collections of letters that were acoustically similar (e.g. E, P, D). Confusion with recalling acoustically similar letters rather than visually similar letters implies that the letters were encoded acoustically. Conrad's (1964) study, however, deals with the encoding of written text; thus, while memory of written language may rely on acoustic components, generalisations to all forms of memory cannot be made.
Pope Saint Gregory I (; c. 540 – 12 March 604), commonly known as Saint Gregory the Great, was Pope of the Catholic Church from 3 September 590 to his death in 604. Gregory is famous for instigating the first recorded large-scale mission from Rome, the Gregorian Mission, to convert a pagan people to Christianity. Gregory is also well known for his writings, which were more prolific than those of any of his predecessors as pope. The epithet Saint Gregory the Dialogist has been attached to him in Eastern Christianity because of his "Dialogues". For this reason, English translations of Eastern texts will sometimes list him as Gregory "Dialogos" or the Latinized equivalent "Dialogus".   A senator's son and himself the Prefect of Rome at 30, Gregory tried the monastery but soon returned to active public life, ending his life and the century as pope. Although he was the first pope from a monastic background, his prior political experiences may have helped him to be a talented administrator, who successfully established papal supremacy. During his papacy he greatly surpassed with his administration the emperors in improving the welfare of the people of Rome, and successfully challenged the theological views of Patriarch Eutychius of Constantinople before the emperor Tiberius II. Gregory regained papal authority in Spain and France, and sent missionaries to England. The realignment of barbarian allegiance to Rome from their Arian Christian alliances shaped medieval Europe. Gregory saw Franks, Lombards, and Visigoths align with Rome in religion.
The Byzantine Empire, also referred to as the Eastern Roman Empire, was the continuation of the Roman Empire in the East during Late Antiquity and the Middle Ages, when its capital city was Constantinople (modern-day Istanbul, which had been founded as Byzantium). It survived the fragmentation and fall of the Western Roman Empire in the 5th century AD and continued to exist for an additional thousand years until it fell to the Ottoman Turks in 1453. During most of its existence, the empire was the most powerful economic, cultural, and military force in Europe. Both "Byzantine Empire" and "Eastern Roman Empire" are historiographical terms created after the end of the realm; its citizens continued to refer to their empire as the "Roman Empire" (, tr. ; ), or "Romania" (), and to themselves as "Romans".   Several signal events from the 4th to 6th centuries mark the period of transition during which the Roman Empire's Greek East and Latin West divided. Constantine I (r. 324–337) reorganised the empire, made Constantinople the new capital, and legalised Christianity. Under Theodosius I (r. 379–395), Christianity became the Empire's official state religion and other religious practices were proscribed. Finally, under the reign of Heraclius (r. 610–641), the Empire's military and administration were restructured and adopted Greek for official use instead of Latin. Thus, although the Roman state continued and Roman state traditions were maintained, modern historians distinguish Byzantium from ancient Rome insofar as it was centred on Constantinople, oriented towards Greek rather than Latin culture, and characterised by Orthodox Christianity.
(CNN)Jordan executed two al Qaeda prisoners before dawn Wednesday, following through on a promised strong response to the ISIS killing of pilot Moath al-Kasasbeh, a government spokesman said.   Put to death were Sajida al-Rishawi, the Iraqi would-be suicide bomber whose release ISIS had previously requested, and Ziad Karbouli, a former top aide to the deceased leader of al Qaeda in Iraq, Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, the spokesman said.   Al-Rishawi was executed for her role in a 2005 suicide bombing at a wedding reception in Jordan that killed dozens. Karbouli was sentenced to death in 2007 after he was convicted of acts of terrorism that killed one person, the plotting of more terrorist attacks and the possession of explosives, the Jordanian spokesman said.   The executions come a day after video and stills appeared to show a Jordanian military pilot being burned alive while confined in a cage.   CNN is not showing images of the killing, which triggered global condemnation and prompted immediate promises of retaliation and protests in Jordan, one of more than 60 nations involved in the U.S.-led coalition against ISIS in Iraq and Syria.   The 22-minute video begins with an attack on Jordan's King Abdullah II, suggesting he is to blame for what happened to the pilot, Moath al-Kasasbeh.   A short time after the video became public, Jordanian military spokesman Mamdouh Al Amri said al-Kasasbeh was "assassinated" on January 3.   His statement indicates the back-and-forth in recent weeks between Jordan and ISIS about a possible prisoner exchange to free the pilot took place after his death. Jordan repeatedly had asked ISIS to show proof that al-Kasasbeh was alive. 
A South African man was sentenced Wednesday to life in prison for the killing of white supremacist leader Eugene Terreblanche, a lawyer in the case said.   Chris Mahlangu was convicted on four counts including murder, for which he got life, lawyer Zola Majavu said.   Terreblanche, the leader of the neo-Nazi Afrikaner Weerstandsbeweging (Afrikaner Resistance Movement, or AWB), was killed in April 2010 following an apparent dispute over wages with workers on his farm.   Terreblanche, 69, was bludgeoned with clubs and stabbed with a machete during the attack at his farm near Ventersdorp in South Africa's North West province, police said.   The trial began in October.   Police charged Mahlangu and a 16-year-old in the death. It was not immediately clear what sentence the minor got.   The AWB is best known for trying to block South Africa's effort to end apartheid. The group used terrorist tactics in a bid to stall the country's first all-race vote in 1994, killing more than 20 people in a wave of bombings on the eve of the elections.   Terreblanche was convicted of a 1996 attempted murder of a black man who worked as a security guard on his farm. He served about two-thirds of a five-year sentence.   CNN's Nkepile Mabuse contributed to this report.   
Global warming is causing more than 300,000 deaths and about $125 billion in economic losses each year, according to a report by the Global Humanitarian Forum, an organization led by Annan, the former United Nations secretary general.   The report, to be released Friday, analyzed data and existing studies of health, disaster, population and economic trends. It found that human-influenced climate change was raising the global death rates from illnesses including malnutrition and heat-related health problems.   But even before its release, the report drew criticism from some experts on climate and risk, who questioned its methods and conclusions.   Along with the deaths, the report said that the lives of 325 million people, primarily in poor countries, were being seriously affected by climate change. It projected that the number would double by 2030.   Roger Pielke Jr., a political scientist at the University of Colorado, Boulder, who studies disaster trends, said the Forum's report was "a methodological embarrassment" because there was no way to distinguish deaths or economic losses related to human-driven global warming amid the much larger losses resulting from the growth in populations and economic development in vulnerable regions. Dr. Pielke said that "climate change is an important problem requiring our utmost attention." But the report, he said, "will harm the cause for action on both climate change and disasters because it is so deeply flawed ."   However, Soren Andreasen, a social scientist at Dalberg Global Development Partners who supervised the writing of the report, defended it, saying that it was clear that the numbers were rough estimates. He said the report was aimed at world leaders, who will meet in Copenhagen in December to negotiate a new international climate treaty.   In a press release describing the report, Mr. Annan stressed the need for the negotiations to focus on increasing the flow of money from rich to poor regions to help reduce their vulnerability to climate hazards while still curbing the emissions of the heat-trapping gases. More than 90% of the human and economic losses from climate change are occurring in poor countries, according to the report.
Around the world, media reaction to the Democrats' victory has poured in, as newspapers and broadcasters reflect on the Barack Obama campaign and the global impact his win will have.   A woman picks up a copy of a newspaper in Sydney, Australia   The International Herald Tribune said that America had "leaped" across the color line, calling Obama "a 47-year-old black man who made history both because of his race and in spite of it."   The Times of London said Obama had revitalized U.S. politics. "The immense turnout in yesterday's election was testament to the energy, excitement and expectations of a rejuvenated American democracy, as well as the fears of a nation standing at a crossroads of history," the paper said.   It added that Obama's inheritance would be challenging. "The new president faces economic and social convulsions at home, conflict abroad."   Also in London, The Guardian focused on the historic nature of the Democrats' win, saying: "Victory in the end came as easily as the polls had predicted," and comparing Obama's achievement with Roosevelt's of 1932 and Reagan's of 1980.   In Germany, Der Spiegel's Gregor Peter Schmitz, writing from Chicago, called Obama's rise "astonishing," adding that his "curious ability to remain untouched by all the razzmatazz around him is likely to prove a source of strength."   Al Jazeera said Obama had "surfed to power on a wave of voter discontent generated by the failures of President George Bush and the Republican Party" and added that he faces "unique challenges." It continued that he must "act quickly" to restore confidence in the economy and with his country "sick of war" is "unlikely to make any additional major overseas military commitments." 
It never occurred to Sun Yukun that the decision he made four years ago would have an impact on his career. When the 22-year-old entered college in 2009, he decided not to change his rural residence to a students' collective one. But when he finished college and was offered a job with a state-owned enterprise in Beijing, Sun was told that he couldn't accept the offer unless he had an urban hukou (household registration record). This time, he had no choice but to change his residence status. Transferring hukou to a university became optional in 2003, and many students are confronted with the dilemma of whether to do so or not. Professionals suggest they make the decision based on their current situation and future plans. 'I regret transferring my hukou' Wang Jinbi, 20, is an accounting major at Beijing Union University. Coming from Chifeng, Inner Mongolia autonomous region, she transferred her hukou when she enrolled at university. "I didn't think it was a big deal," Wang says. "Since I'm registering under an urban hukou, it doesn't matter whether it's in Beijing or Inner Mongolia, I thought." What Wang didn't expect, however, is that she would regret her decision later. "After two years of study, I've figured out my future plans. I want to return to my hometown and make a living there," she says. That means Wang needs to transfer her hukou back again, which she worries will be a troublesome procedure. "I have a friend who graduated last year. She spent a lot of time and energy transferring her hukou back to her hometown again due to complicated paperworks," says Wang. Guidelines for transferring hukou Wang's experience is not uncommon. Many students don't know what their decision means for their future. In order to help these students, Xie Yongqiang, from the Chengdu Municipal Bureau of Justice, posted a guideline for transferring hukou on a micro blog. According to Xie, students should firstly think about where they're going to stay. "If you like the city where you're studying and are considering staying there after graduation, then you should transfer your hukou," he wrote. Students should also transfer their hukou if they intend to participate in an exchange program. According to Ju Haojie, deputy director of the household registration department at Shanghai Jiao Tong University, when applying for exchange programs, it saves a lot of trouble if students have a collective hukou registered under the university. But Xie also made suggestions for students with a rural registration. "If your family has land and a house, it's possible that you'll get a share of compensation in the event of a forced relocation. For those students, I would recommend them not to transfer their hukou," he wrote. This doesn't affect students in terms of receiving medical insurance and other benefits at university. 'I want to stay in Beijing' Sometimes, students abandon their rural hukou for the prospect of a better future. Tang Yanwei is one of them. The 23-year-old from Yantai, Shandong province, had a rural hukou but transferred it after enrolling at Beijing University of Civil Engineering and Architecture. Although there are a lot of preferential policies for rural residents, for Tang, an urban hukou in Beijing is attractive. "I want to stay in Beijing, so a students' collective Beijing urban hukou is a promising start," he says. "I'll do anything that could help me stay here. After all, there's no turning back for me now."
Buenos Aires ( or ; ) is the capital and most populous city of Argentina. The city is located on the western shore of the estuary of the Río de la Plata, on the South American continent's southeastern coast. "Buenos aires" can be translated as "fair winds" or "good airs", but the first one was the meaning intended by the founders in the 16th century, by the use of the original name "Real de Nuestra Señora Santa María del Buen Ayre". The Greater Buenos Aires conurbation, which also includes several Buenos Aires Province districts, constitutes the fourth-most populous metropolitan area in the Americas, with a population of around 17 million.   The city of Buenos Aires is neither part of Buenos Aires Province nor the Province's capital; rather, it is an autonomous district. In 1880, after decades of political infighting, Buenos Aires was federalized and removed from Buenos Aires Province. The city limits were enlarged to include the towns of Belgrano and Flores; both are now neighborhoods of the city. The 1994 constitutional amendment granted the city autonomy, hence its formal name: Ciudad Autónoma de Buenos Aires (Autonomous City of Buenos Aires). Its citizens first elected a chief of government (i.e. mayor) in 1996; previously, the mayor was directly appointed by the President of the Republic.
Registered dietitian nutritionists (RDs or RDNs) are health professionals qualified to provide safe, evidence-based dietary advice which includes a review of what is eaten, a thorough review of nutritional health, and a personalized nutritional treatment plan. They also provide preventive and therapeutic programs at work places, schools and similar institutions. Certified Clinical Nutritionists or CCNs, are trained health professionals who also offer dietary advice on the role of nutrition in chronic disease, including possible prevention or remediation by addressing nutritional deficiencies before resorting to drugs. Government regulation especially in terms of licensing, is currently less universal for the CCN than that of RD or RDN. Another advanced Nutrition Professional is a Certified Nutrition Specialist or CNS. These Board Certified Nutritionists typically specialize in obesity and chronic disease. In order to become board certified, potential CNS candidate must pass an examination, much like Registered Dieticians. This exam covers specific domains within the health sphere including; Clinical Intervention and Human Health.
The Age is a daily newspaper that has been published in Melbourne, Australia, since 1854. Owned and published by Fairfax Media, "The Age" primarily serves Victoria but is also available for purchase in Tasmania, the Australian Capital Territory and border regions of South Australia and southern New South Wales. It is delivered in both hardcopy and online formats. The newspaper shares many articles with other Fairfax Media metropolitan daily newspapers, such as "The Sydney Morning Herald".   As at February 2017, "The Age" had an average weekday circulation of 88,000, increasing to 152,000 on Saturdays (in a city of 4.2 million). "The Sunday Age" had a circulation of 123,000. These represented year-on-year declines of 8% to 9%. "The Age"s website, according to third-party web analytics providers Alexa and SimilarWeb, is the 44th and 58th most visited website in Australia respectively, as of July 2015. SimilarWeb rates the site as the seventh most visited news website in Australia, attracting more than 7 million visitors per month.   The management board announced on 18 June 2012, that during the following three years, 1,900 positions were expected to be terminated from Fairfax Media, including many from "The Age", that the broadsheet format would be changed to a compact format and that the online version would no longer have free access after the introduction of a paywall to protect content with an expectation of increased revenue. The newspaper went compact in March 2013, with the Saturday and Sunday editions retaining the broadsheet format. On 22/23 February 2014, the final weekend edition were produced in broadsheet format with these too converted to compact format on 1/2 March 2014. The Age's parent company Chief executive officer, Greg Hywood, has foreshadowed the end of the print edition of the newspaper, with some analysts saying this will occur during 2017.
Among the vast varieties of microorganisms, relatively few cause disease in otherwise healthy individuals. Infectious disease results from the interplay between those few pathogens and the defenses of the hosts they infect. The appearance and severity of disease resulting from any pathogen, depends upon the ability of that pathogen to damage the host as well as the ability of the host to resist the pathogen. However a host's immune system can also cause damage to the host itself in an attempt to control the infection. Clinicians therefore classify infectious microorganisms or microbes according to the status of host defenses - either as primary pathogens or as opportunistic pathogens:   One way of proving that a given disease is "infectious", is to satisfy Koch's postulates (first proposed by Robert Koch), which demands that the infectious agent be identified only in patients and not in healthy controls, and that patients who contract the agent also develop the disease. These postulates were first used in the discovery that Mycobacteria species cause tuberculosis. Koch's postulates can not be applied ethically for many human diseases because they require experimental infection of a healthy individual with a pathogen produced as a pure culture. Often, even clearly infectious diseases do not meet the infectious criteria. For example, Treponema pallidum, the causative spirochete of syphilis, cannot be cultured in vitro - however the organism can be cultured in rabbit testes. It is less clear that a pure culture comes from an animal source serving as host than it is when derived from microbes derived from plate culture. Epidemiology is another important tool used to study disease in a population. For infectious diseases it helps to determine if a disease outbreak is sporadic (occasional occurrence), endemic (regular cases often occurring in a region), epidemic (an unusually high number of cases in a region), or pandemic (a global epidemic).
Marc Marquez announced himself as motorcycling's bright new hope when he became the youngest rider to win a top-level race in Sunday's inaugural Grand Prix of the Americas in Texas.   The 20-year-old had been the youngest pole sitter when he topped Saturday's qualifying, and he followed that up by heading off Honda Repsol teammate Dani Pedrosa in the second event of the new MotoGP season.   World champion Jorge Lorenzo, who won the opening race in Qatar, came home third for Yamaha to be tied on points with his young compatriot at the top of the standings ahead of their home Spanish Grand Prix next month.   "To be third in my first race in Qatar was a dream and now, to take the victory in the second race -- that's even better!" said Marquez, who won the Moto2 championship last year.   "The race was quite hard, especially in terms of physical condition towards the end. I had some problems with the front that I hadn't had in practice, but even with that I was able to push and keep up a constant rhythm -- not so fast, but enough.   "So I'm very happy with that and I want to say thanks to all of my team. Without them this would not have been possible."   Britain's Cal Crutchlow was fourth on a Monster Tech 3 Yamaha ahead of Germany's Stefan Bradl and Italy's seven-time world champion Valentino Rossi -- back at Yamaha after two disappointing years with Ducati.   Rossi's replacement at Ducati, Andrea Dovizioso, was seventh ahead of Spain's Alvaro Bautista, veteran American Nicky Hayden and another Italian, Andrea Iannone. 
Internet Explorer (formerly Microsoft Internet Explorer and Windows Internet Explorer, commonly abbreviated IE or MSIE) is a series of graphical web browsers developed by Microsoft and included in the Microsoft Windows line of operating systems, starting in 1995. It was first released as part of the add-on package Plus! for Windows 95 that year. Later versions were available as free downloads, or in service packs, and included in the original equipment manufacturer (OEM) service releases of Windows 95 and later versions of Windows. The browser is discontinued, but still maintained.   Internet Explorer was one of the most widely used web browsers, attaining a peak of about 95% usage share during 2002 and 2003. This came after Microsoft used bundling to win the first browser war against Netscape, which was the dominant browser in the 1990s. Its usage share has since declined with the launch of Firefox (2004) and Google Chrome (2008), and with the growing popularity of operating systems such as macOS, Linux, iOS and Android that do not run Internet Explorer. Estimates for Internet Explorer's overall market share range from 3.91% to 16.84% or by StatCounter's numbers ranked 3rd, just after Firefox (or even as low as 5th when counting all platforms), (browser market share is notoriously difficult to calculate). Microsoft spent over per year on Internet Explorer in the late 1990s, with over 1,000 people working on it by 1999.
Popper is known for his rejection of the classical inductivist views on the scientific method, in favour of empirical falsification: A theory in the empirical sciences can never be proven, but it can be falsified, meaning that it can and should be scrutinized by decisive experiments. He used the black swan fallacy to discuss falsification. If the outcome of an experiment contradicts the theory, one should refrain from ad hoc manoeuvres that evade the contradiction merely by making it less falsifiable. Popper is also known for his opposition to the classical justificationist account of knowledge, which he replaced with critical rationalism, "the first non-justificational philosophy of criticism in the history of philosophy."   Karl Popper was born in Vienna (then in Austria-Hungary) in 1902, to upper middle-class parents. All of Karl Popper's grandparents were Jewish, but the Popper family converted to Lutheranism before Karl was born, and so he received Lutheran baptism. They understood this as part of their cultural assimilation, not as an expression of devout belief. Karl's father Simon Siegmund Carl Popper was a lawyer from Bohemia and a doctor of law at the Vienna University, and mother Jenny Schiff was of Silesian and Hungarian descent. After establishing themselves in Vienna, the Poppers made a rapid social climb in Viennese society: Simon Siegmund Carl became a partner in the law firm of Vienna's liberal Burgomaster Herr Grübl and, after Grübl's death in 1898, Simon took over the business. (Malachi Hacohen records that Herr Grübl's first name was Raimund, after which Karl received his middle name. Popper himself, in his autobiography, erroneously recalls that Herr Grübl's first name was Carl.) His father was a bibliophile who had 12,000–14,000 volumes in his personal library. Popper inherited both the library and the disposition from him.
By 1938, Europe had been experiencing an increased number of attacks on Jews. With no end in sight, Jewish refugee agencies requested the British government to allow them to bring in only Jewish children under17 years of age. This was to be only temporary, until the situation in their home countries was improved.   Kindertransport, meaning "children transport" in German, was then born. Children from Germany, Austria, Czechoslovakia, Poland and other Nazi-occupied regions were transported to the United Kingdom. There they were either placed with other families or in hostels. Later, it was found that many of these children were the only survivors of their families. Nicholas Winton was among those people who helped to save Jewish children. He managed to rescue 669 children from Czechoslovakia and bring them safely to England. In 1938 around Christmas, 29-year-old Nicky was about to leave for a skiing holiday. Suddenly, Martin Blake, one of his good friends, contacted him from Czechoslovakia, asking him to travel there to help political refugees on the run from the Nazis. And Nicholas agreed.   Nicky spent his entire holiday of 3 weeks in the capital city of Prague where he saw the situation first-hand. Once back in England, he immediately started organizing the evacuation of children from the Czech region. From advertising for the necessary permits, Nicky worked tirelessly. By August 1939, 669 children had been helped by Nicky and his friends. _ , the last group of children due to leave Prague in the beginning of September could not do so-- World War II broke out, and swallowed them up.   Nicky did not discuss his particular task with his wife, Grete. It was only when she found a scrapbook in 1988, with names of the rescued children, their (lost) parents and the foster families that had taken them in, that his heroism came to light. Nicky has received several awards in Britain and the Czech Republic.
Katharine Meyer Graham was once described as "the most powerful woman in America." She was not a government official or elected representative. She owned and published The Washington Post. Under her leadership, it became one of the most important newspapers in the country. Katharine Meyer was born in New York City in 1917. Her father was a successful investment banker and became an important financial official. Her family was very rich. Katharine grew up in large houses in New York and Washington. Her parents were often away from home, traveling and working, Katharine was often lonely. Katherine Meyer graduated from the University of Chicago in Illinois in 1938. In 1933, her father bought a failing newspaper, The Washington Post. It was the least successful one of five newspapers in Washington. Katharine Graham returned to Washington and got a job editing letters to the editor of her father's newspaper. She married Philip Graham. He was a clerk for Supreme Court Justice Felix Frankfurter but soon accepted a job at his wife's father's newspaper. Mr. Graham improved The Washington Post. He bought Newsweek and several television stations. He also established close ties with important political leaders. However, Mr. Graham treated his wife badly. He had an affair with a young reporter. For many years, Mr. Graham suffered from mental illness. He killed himself in 1963. Katharine Graham had four children to raise and a newspaper to operate. At first, she was only concerned about finding a way to keep control of The Washington Post until her sons were old enough. She did not think she had the ability to do an important job. She had no training in business or experience in operating a large company. In those days, it was unusual for a woman to be the head of a business. Women were expected to look after their homes and children. Katharine Graham met with officials of The Washington Post. She was elected president of The Washington Post Company. She had no idea about how to operate a newspaper. So she decided to learn. She began by hiring Benjamin C.Bradlee. He later became chief editor. Mr. Bradlee improved the newspaper. He hired excellent reporters and editors. They began doing important investigative reporting. In 1969, Mrs. Graham became publisher as well as president of The Washington Post Company. In the 1970s, The Washington Post became famous around the world because of two major successes.
Little Tony was riding his bicycle all around the party. After all grandma gave him it right now. What fun would it be for Tony if he couldn't show off his new bike? He rode it up and down the hills and through the people at the party. It was his party. Everyone knew that it was his party. He was turning 8, 8 candles on the cake and the number 8 frosted on, the number 8 on his birthday hat. The big 8. It was much better than his last birthday. He didn't like being 7. He loved riding his bike closer and closer to people and things. Until he ran right into the big table with his birthday cake. All 8 candles flew all over the ground of the lawn. Tony was upset, and so was daddy at the big huge mess he made. He could have been more careful daddy said, and looked where he was going. He was right, Tony was being too crazy. But it was his party, so he kept riding, with more care this time. He rode his bike up and down. Faster and faster. Until Tony's birthday finally was over, long after it began.
Charles Dickens, who was born 200 years ago this week, created some of the best-known and most loved figures in English literature, from Oliver Twist and David Copperfield to Pip, Miss Havisham and Magwitch.   But of all the characters he wrote about, none played as important a role in his work as that of London itself: its hustle and bustle, its glittering promise and grimy streets and the extremes of poverty and wealth experienced by those who lived there.   Alex Werner, the curator of the Museum of London's "Dickens and London" exhibition, says the city was "absolutely central" to Dickens' work.   "It triggered his imagination," he told CNN. "He called it his 'magic lantern', and would spend hours pacing the streets, drawing inspiration from what he saw around him."   Read more: Dickens admirers mark bicentenary   London was Dickens' muse, helping to spark his creativity and provide ideas for some of the most memorable characters, settings and plot twists in English literature.   As Britain -- and literature lovers the world over -- celebrates Dickens' bicentenary in 2012, what better time to explore the city he knew and loved best?   Dickens in London   Dickens moved to London as a child, but the family soon ran into financial trouble: His father was sent to debtors' prison, and at the age of just 12, Dickens was forced to work in a shoe polish factory -- Warren's Blacking Warehouse, at Hungerford Stairs -- to support his mother and siblings.   "It was a crazy, tumbledown old house, abutting of course on the river, and literally overrun with rats... the dirt and decay of the place rise up visibly before me, as if I were there again," he later told his biographer, John Forster. Both the warehouse and the stairs, near what is now Embankment tube station, are long gone. 
The University of Pittsburgh (commonly referred to as Pitt) is a state-related research university located in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. In 1787 after the American Revolutionary War, it was founded on the edge of the American frontier as the Pittsburgh Academy. It developed and was renamed as Western University of Pennsylvania by a change to its charter in 1819. After surviving two devastating fires and various relocations within the area, the school moved to its current location in the Oakland neighborhood of the city; it was renamed as the University of Pittsburgh in 1908. For most of its history, Pitt was a private institution, until 1966 when it became part of the Commonwealth System of Higher Education.   The university is composed of 17 undergraduate and graduate schools and colleges located at its urban Pittsburgh campus, home to the university's central administration and 28,766 undergraduate, graduate, and professional students. The university also includes four undergraduate schools located at campuses within Western Pennsylvania: Bradford, Greensburg, Johnstown, and Titusville. The 132-acre Pittsburgh campus has multiple contributing historic buildings of the Schenley Farms Historic District, most notably its 42-story Gothic revival centerpiece, the Cathedral of Learning. The campus is situated adjacent to the flagship medical facilities of its closely affiliated University of Pittsburgh Medical Center (UPMC), as well as the Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh, Schenley Park, and Carnegie Mellon University.
Penelope kissed her hamster named Cracker. She waved goodbye to her brother, Jacob. Penelope ran out the door. Penelope's neighbor, Mrs. Flower, said she would make banana pancakes for Penelope for breakfast. Penelope could also play with Mrs. Flower's new puppy, Cookie. Penelope saw a bowl with green beans, beets, and carrots from the store on the kitchen table. Yuck, thought Penelope. Penelope liked the new puppy. Cookie had a funny smile. Mrs. Flower gave Penelope a box of toys and told her to take Cookie to the backyard. Penelope was busy looking at the green tomatoes. She turned around and saw Cookie and Mr. Flower's cat, Thomas. Thomas and Cookie were playing with the toys. Thomas kicked a ball to Cookie and Cookie kicked the ball back. Cookie got a toy fish out the box. Thomas and Cookie played catch with the toy fish. Penelope was laughing because she never saw a dog and cat play together. Mrs. Flower came to the backyard. She asked Penelope if she wanted yogurt, apple sauce or chocolate pudding with her breakfast. Penelope said she wanted yogurt. Penelope went inside and ate her breakfast with Mrs. Flower and Mr. Flower.
Did you know that Albert Einstein could not speak until he was four years old, and did not read until he was seven? His parents and teachers worried about his rnenta1ability.   Beethoven's music teacher said about him,"As a composer he is hopeless." What if this young boy believed it?   When Thomas Edison was a young boy,his teachers said he was so stupid that he could never learn anything.He once said,''I remember I used to never be able to get along at schoo1.I was always at the foot of my class...My father thought I was stupid,and I almost decided that l was a stupid person."What if young Thomas believed what may said about him?   When the sculptor Auguste Rodin was young; he had difficulty learning to read and write.:. Today, we may say he had a learning disability. His father said of him, "I have an idiot for a son. "His uncle agreed. "He's uneducable," he said. What if Rodin had doubted his ability?   Walt Disney was once fired by a newspaper editor because he was thought to have no "good ideas". Enrico Caruso was told by one music teacher, "you can't sing. You have no voice at all. " And an editor told Louisa May Alcott that she was unable to write anything that would have popular appeal.   What if these people had listened and become discouraged? Where would our world be without the music of Beethoven, the art of Rodin or the ideas of Albert Einstein and Walt Disney? As Oscar Levant once said, "It's not what you are but what you don't become that hurts. "   You have great potential.When you believe in all you can be, rather than all you cannot become, you will find your place on earth.
On 16 September 2001, at Camp David, President George W. Bush used the phrase war on terrorism in an unscripted and controversial comment when he said, "This crusade – this war on terrorism – is going to take a while, ... " Bush later apologized for this remark due to the negative connotations the term crusade has to people, e.g. of Muslim faith. The word crusade was not used again. On 20 September 2001, during a televised address to a joint session of congress, Bush stated that, "(o)ur 'war on terror' begins with al-Qaeda, but it does not end there. It will not end until every terrorist group of global reach has been found, stopped, and defeated."   U.S. President Barack Obama has rarely used the term, but in his inaugural address on 20 January 2009, he stated "Our nation is at war, against a far-reaching network of violence and hatred." In March 2009 the Defense Department officially changed the name of operations from "Global War on Terror" to "Overseas Contingency Operation" (OCO). In March 2009, the Obama administration requested that Pentagon staff members avoid use of the term, instead using "Overseas Contingency Operation". Basic objectives of the Bush administration "war on terror", such as targeting al Qaeda and building international counterterrorism alliances, remain in place. In December 2012, Jeh Johnson, the General Counsel of the Department of Defense, stated that the military fight will be replaced by a law enforcement operation when speaking at Oxford University, predicting that al Qaeda will be so weakened to be ineffective, and has been "effectively destroyed", and thus the conflict will not be an armed conflict under international law. In May 2013, Obama stated that the goal is "to dismantle specific networks of violent extremists that threaten America"; which coincided with the U.S. Office of Management and Budget having changed the wording from "Overseas Contingency Operations" to "Countering Violent Extremism" in 2010.
Roger Federer and Serena Williams have been named as 2009' s world champions by the International Tennis Federation(ITF) after topping the year-end rankings.   Federer, who wins the honour for the fifth time, completed a career Grand Slam at Roland Garros before winning his 15th Grand Slam ride at Wimbledon.   And Williams won the Australian Open and Wimbledon, her llth major success.   The pair will receive their awards at the annual 1TF world champions dinner in Paris in June.   Federer regained the world number one ranking from Rafael Nadal after his Paris victory and his Wimbledon win over Andy Roddick saw him surpass Pete Sampras' haul of Grand Slam titles.   He was also runner - up at the Australian Open and the US Open and helped his country retain its Davis Cup world group status.   " It is an honour for me to be named ITF world champion for a fifth time.It was an incredible year for me both on and off the court," said the 28 - year - old Swiss star whose wife Mirka gave birth to twin girls in July.   "To win my first Roland, Garros title, break the all - time Grand Slam record and regain the number one ranking is amazing.It means a lot to me to finish the year again at the top."   Williams takes _ for the first time since 2002.As well as her Grand Slam wins, she won the season - ending WTA Championships in Doha.sealing the top ranking in the last event of die year.   She also took the doubles year award with sister Venus after taking their career total to 10 Grand Slam titles.In doing so, she joins Lindsay Davenport and Martina Hingis as the only players to become singles and doubles world champions in the same year.   American twins Bob and Mike Bryan were named as the men' s doubles world champions for the sixth time in seven years.
The Sun had the largest circulation of any daily newspaper in the United Kingdom, but in late 2013 slipped to second largest Saturday newspaper behind the Daily Mail. It had an average daily circulation of 2.2 million copies in March 2014. Between July and December 2013 the paper had an average daily readership of approximately 5.5 million, with approximately 31% of those falling into the ABC1 demographic and 68% in the C2DE demographic. Approximately 41% of readers are women. The Sun has been involved in many controversies in its history, including its coverage of the 1989 Hillsborough football stadium disaster. Regional editions of the newspaper for Scotland, Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland are published in Glasgow (The Scottish Sun), Belfast (The Sun) and Dublin (The Irish Sun) respectively.   On 26 February 2012, The Sun on Sunday was launched to replace the closed News of the World, employing some of its former journalists. In late 2013, it was given a new look, with a new typeface. The average circulation for The Sun on Sunday in March 2014 was 1,686,840; but in May 2015 The Mail on Sunday sold more copies for the first time, an average of 28,650 over those of its rival: 1,497,855 to 1,469,195. Roy Greenslade issued some caveats over the May 2015 figures, but believes the weekday Daily Mail will overtake The Sun in circulation during 2016.
(CNN)Fine starts to 2015 for world number one Rory McIlroy and his arch-rival Rickie Fowler, a superb 64 from first round leader Martin Kaymer and aces for England's Tom Lewis and Spanish veteran Miguel Angel Jimenez.   The first day of the HSBC Abu Dhabi Championship Thursday was nothing but eventful as a top class field jostled for position at the top of the leader board.   Most eyes were on the partnership of McIlroy and his American rival Fowler, teeing off early at Abu Dhabi GC, and they did not disappoint, both carding five-under rounds of 67.   But last year's U.S. Open champion Kaymer, a three-time winner at the venue, later upstaged them with a blistering eight-under 64, which included 10 birdies, a personal best for him, he told the official European Tour website.   "I putted well. I made 10 birdies. I'm not sure if I have ever done it on a golf course, hit 10 birdies. I hit a lot of fairways, my irons were quite sharp and I putted well. It's very difficult to shoot a bad score when you play like this.   His late charge denied Belgium's Thomas Pieters (65) the honor of first day leadership, while there was a five-strong group on 66, consisting of Branden Grace, Gregory Bourdy, Tyrell Hatton, Alexander Levy and Mikko Ilonen.   McIlroy, looking to add to his two majors of last year in 2015, made a slow start but a rally on his back nine, with five birdies in six holes, left him in a challenging position. 
Branden Grace duly completed his front running victory at the Dunhill Links Championships Sunday after coming under last round pressure from Denmark's Thorbjorn Olesen at St Andrews.   Grace, winning for the fifth time in a superb 2012, four coming on the European Tour, ended two ahead of Olesen after carding a final round 70 for a record 22-under total in the tournament.   "It feels awesome," the South African told the official European Tour website after a victory that has lifted him to third in the The Race to Dubai.   He has now targeted No.1 Rory McIlroy in the battle for the overall honors in Europe.   "It's definitely in my sights," he said.   Grace, who is yet another graduate of the Ernie Els Foundation, led from the first round at Kingsbarns where he shot a stunning 12-under 60.   But when Olesen carded two straight birdies around the turn and Grace three-putted the short 11th for a bogey, they were level.   But Grace pulled away with a stunning hat-trick of birdies only interrupted by a bogey on the Road Hole 17th.   He still had a two-shot lead playing the last which they both birdied.   Alexander Noren of Sweden finished third, four shots back, with Joel Sjoholm of Sweden in fourth.   Scot Stephen Gallacher, a former Dunhill winner, was making superb last day progress until he accidentally played the ball of an amateur partner Steve Halsall on the 16th fairway.   It cost him a two-shot penalty and he ended up running up a quadruple bogey to slip back into a tie for fifth. 
Last June, Glen Campbell stunned fans when he revealed in a press release that he was suffering from Alzheimer's disease. It was not an easy decision to go public with his private struggle, but his family felt it was a decision that needed to be made.   "The main thing we were concerned about was during shows he would forget a line or get a little confused," says Campbell's daughter, Ashley. "People would think, 'Is he drunk?' Is he doing drugs again?' So we didn't want people to get the wrong impression."   But an interesting thing happened after the Alzheimer's announcement. Instead of fading off into the sunset like a forgotten icon, the 75-year-old entertainer has been catapulted back into the spotlight -- and the music industry can't seem to shower him with enough accolades.   In November, he was the subject of a star-studded tribute at the CMA Awards show, and on Sunday night, he'll pick up a Lifetime Achievement trophy at the 54th annual Grammy Awards.   Behind the scenes, it's been somewhat of a standoff between the CMAs and the Grammys, with each telecast vying for bragging rights to have Campbell perform. But there's nothing like the pull of the Grammys -- especially when you're a five-time Grammy winner.   At the CMAs, Campbell beamed from the audience while Keith Urban, Brad Paisley and Vince Gill serenaded him with his biggest hits, but the Grammys will be a different story. Campbell himself will take center stage for "Rhinestone Cowboy," flanked by Blake Shelton, The Band Perry and his own band -- which features three of his grown children. 
J.K. Rowling is the writer of Harry Potter, which is now one of the bestsellers in the world. J.K. Rowling was born in Bristol on July 31st, 1965. She has one sister who is two years younger than her. Both girls loved listening to their father reading bedtime stories to them. They especially loved stories about magical worlds. Rowling wrote her first story, called Rabbit, at the age of six. After she graduated from the university, Rowling worked as a translator in London. During this time, on a long train trip in the summer of 1990, the idea came to her of a boy who has magic but doesn't know it. In 1992 Rowling began to teach English. She lived with her baby daughter, Jessica, and spent much time finishing the first Harry Potter book for young readers. It appeared in June 1997. To her surprise, the book was greatly successful. The film came out in November 2001. Now Harry Potter series is popular with people of all ages and about 60 million books were sold in 200 countries. Why has the series been so successful? There are a few things. Many other magical stories take place in faraway lands or in past or future times. But Harry lives in modern England. He's also a very normal boy: polite, friendly, brave and clever. So when other children read about Harry, they can imagine being like him. J.K. Rowling is very happy with the success, and she is now busy finishing the whole series of seven books. She's writing full time and she's really enjoying life. She says she will go on living a normal life with her daughter and writing children's books.
When Abraham Lincoln was young, he worked in a store. One day a woman came into the store and bought some things. They added up to two dollars and six and a quarter cents. The bill was paid, and the woman was satisfied. But the young storekeeper, not feeling quite sure about his calculations , added up the things again. To his surprise he found that it should have been but two dollars. "I've made her pay six and a quarter cents more," said young Abe, upset. It was an unimportant thing, and many salespersons would forget it, but Abe was too careful for that. "The money must be paid back," he decided. At night, he closed the store and walked to the home of his customer. He explained the matter, paid over the six and a quarter cents, and returned satisfied. Here is another story of young Lincoln's strict honesty. A woman entered the store and asked for half a pound of tea. The young man weighed it out. This was the last sale of the day. The next morning, when beginning his duties, Abe discovered a four-ounce weight on the scales . It flashed upon him at once that he had used this in the sale last night, and so, of course, given his customer short weight. Many people would not have been much worried by this discovery. But Abe weighed out the balance of the half pound, shut up the store, and carried it to the customer. I think that the name, so often given in late times to President Lincoln, of "Honest Old Abe", was well deserved .
(CNN)It was a story that moved Stan Lee, the creator of many of the best-known superheroes in history, into action: a Spider-Man-loving boy with autism named Jamel Hunter.   According to the New York Times, a December Times article about the child, who reportedly didn't say a word until he was in preschool, caught the eye of one of Lee's neighbors, jazz musician Corky Hale.   That would be the same Stan Lee who co-created Spider-Man (as well as Iron Man, the Incredible Hulk, the X-Men and so many other Marvel characters).   The Times story described how 8-year-old Jamel, who loves Spider-Man, had a birthday party at an East Harlem community center. The place was full of Spidey images. His struggling mother put everything she had into the party.   Upon hearing the tale at his home in California, Lee decided to pitch in.   "After hearing of the boy's situation, how could I not?" he told CNN.   Lee decided to draw a sketch of Spider-Man for Hunter. Lee, it should be noted, isn't an artist; Spidey was first drawn by Steve Ditko. But he can do the character in a pinch.   New York Times writer Michael Wilson delivered the drawing to Jamel, with Lee's signature in the corner.   "(Spider-Man) is a teenager, not an adult so (young people) can relate to him," Lee explained.   "He has many of the problems they themselves have, such as not enough money."   Lee's act of generosity captured the hearts of many on social media this past weekend.   CNN's attempts to reach Jamel's family were unsuccessful. 
The Washington Post is an American daily newspaper. Published in Washington, D.C., it was founded on December 6, 1877.   Located in the capital city of the United States, the newspaper has a particular emphasis on national politics. Daily editions are printed for the District of Columbia, Maryland, and Virginia. It is published as a broadsheet.   The newspaper has won 47 Pulitzer Prizes. This includes six separate Pulitzers awarded in 2008, the second-highest number ever awarded to a single newspaper in one year, second only to "The New York Times" seven awards in 2002. "Post" journalists have also received 18 Nieman Fellowships and 368 White House News Photographers Association awards. In the early 1970s, in the best-known episode in the newspaper's history, reporters Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein led the American press' investigation into what became known as the Watergate scandal; reporting in the newspaper greatly contributed to the resignation of President Richard Nixon. In years since, its investigations have led to increased review of the Walter Reed Army Medical Center.   In 2013, its longtime controlling family, the Graham family, sold the newspaper to billionaire entrepreneur and Amazon.com founder Jeff Bezos for $250 million in cash. The newspaper is owned by Nash Holdings LLC, a holding company Bezos created for the acquisition.
Institute of technology (also: university of technology, polytechnic university, technikon, and technical college) is a designation employed for a wide range of learning institutions awarding different types of degrees and operating often at variable levels of the educational system. It may be an institution of higher education and advanced engineering and scientific research or professional vocational education, specializing in science, engineering, and technology or different sorts of technical subjects. It may also refer to a secondary education school focused in vocational training.[citation needed] The term institute of technology is often abbreviated IT and is not to be confused with information technology.   The English term polytechnic appeared in the early 19th century, from the French École Polytechnique, an engineering school founded in 1794 in Paris. The French term comes from the Greek πολύ (polú or polý) meaning "many" and τεχνικός (tekhnikós) meaning "arts".   While the terms "institute of technology" and "polytechnic" are synonymous, the preference concerning which one is the preferred term varies from country to country.[citation needed]
John and Bobby joined the same company together just after graduation from college the same year. Both worked very hard. After several years, however, the boss promoted Bobby to the position of manager but John remained an ordinary worker. John couldn't   it anymore, gave his resignation to the boss and complained that the boss only promoted those who only said good words to him.   The boss knew John worked very hard for the years. He thought for a moment and said, "I hope you will do one more thing for our company before you leave."   John agreed. The boss asked him to go and find anyone selling watermelons in the market. John went and returned soon. He said he had found a man selling water melons. The boss asked how much they per kilo. John shook his head and went back to the seller to ask and returned to tell the boss $1.2 per kilo.   The boss told John to wait a second, and he called Bobby to come to his office. He asked Bobby to go and find anyone selling watermelons in the market. Bobby went, returned and said, "Boss, only one person is selling watermelons. $1.2 per kg, and $10 for 10 kg. He has 340 melons in all, 58 of which are on the table. Every melon weighs about 2 kg. Brought from the South two days ago, they are fresh and red. "   John was impressed and realized the difference between himself and Bobby. He decided not to resign but to learn from Bobby.
In mathematics, modular arithmetic is a system of arithmetic for integers, where numbers "wrap around" upon reaching a certain value—the modulus (plural moduli). The modern approach to modular arithmetic was developed by Carl Friedrich Gauss in his book "Disquisitiones Arithmeticae", published in 1801.   A familiar use of modular arithmetic is in the 12-hour clock, in which the day is divided into two 12-hour periods. If the time is 7:00 now, then 8 hours later it will be 3:00. Usual addition would suggest that the later time should be , but this is not the answer because clock time "wraps around" every 12 hours. Because the hour number starts over after it reaches 12, this is arithmetic "modulo" 12. According to the definition below, 12 is congruent not only to 12 itself, but also to 0, so the time called "12:00" could also be called "0:00", since 12 is congruent to 0 modulo 12.   Modular arithmetic can be handled mathematically by introducing a congruence relation on the integers that is compatible with the operations on integers: addition, subtraction, and multiplication. For a positive integer , two numbers and are said to be ", if their difference is an integer multiple of (that is, if there is an integer such that ). This congruence relation is typically considered when and are integers, and is denoted (some authors use instead of ; in this case, if the parentheses are omitted, this generally means that "mod" denotes the modulo operation, that is, that ).
Lindsey Vonn will have to wait a little longer to equal the all-time record for World Cup race wins.   Fresh from her triumph in Saturday's downhill at Val d'Isere, the American star had high hopes in the super-G but crashed out after hitting a gate mid-course.   It left the way clear for Elisabeth Goergl to lead an Austrian one-two ahead of Olympic champion Anna Fenninger -- with World Cup overall points leader Tina Maze in third.   For Vonn, who needs one more victory to tie the great Annemarie Moser Proll's record of 62 wins, there was disappointment but relief that she had escaped unscathed.   She has only just returned to the alpine skiing circuit after right knee surgery which saw her miss the Olympic Games in Sochi earlier this year.   "I was a little tired," Vonn admitted as she reflected on her mishap.   "Yesterday was a great day, but a very long day and it takes a lot of energy. I skied pretty well on the top section and I was at my limit and I missed a little bit of elevation and I wasn't able to make the gate," she told the official website of the International Skiing Federation (FIS).   "The positive thing is that my knees are good and I'm still going home for Christmas with a big smile."   Goergl was also smiling after a superb display on the OK piste at the French resort, clocking a time of one minute 25.42 seconds.   It left her just 0.05 faster than Fenninger, with Slovenia's ever-consistent Maze a further 0.08 seconds adrift. 
Many pets got separated from their families almost two years ago, when Superstorm Sandy hit the East Coast. A New Jersey family was one of them. They lost their dog. He got away from their backyard during the storm.   Chuck James said that his family searched for the brown-and-white dog named Reckless for months after the October 2012 storm. Reckless was a cute dog which brought much pleasure to the whole family, and the youngest daughter Tiffany loved him most. They played together, watched TV together, ate popcorn together and Reckless even saw Tiffany off when she headed for the kindergarten every morning. Chuck James kept searching for the lovely dog in every possible way, but no luck   "We reported him missing and called the shelters from time to time, just hoping they had him," James said. "We always kept our hopes up, but finally it was time to move on."   James said the family had planned to get a new dog. The dog was to be a tenth birthday surprise for their eldest daughter, Ally. The family of five went to the Monmouth County SPCA( Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals) to adopt a new animal. When James and his wife walked close to the first cage, they saw a familiar face inside.   "He was a little bigger than I remembered because they had fed him well," James joked. "But then he was lying on my wife's feet and I knew it was him. It was unbelievable. I know this dog is meant to be with our family."   When SPCA officials asked if they could prove the animal was their dog, a friend sent a _ showing the family, with their dog before Sandy hit the East Coast.   "We're all so happy to have him back." James said. The family is living in hotel while their home is being repaired. This weekend, the James went on camping trip with Reckless to celebrate the dog's return
The 71-year-old ex-police officer accused of shooting dead a man inside a Florida movie theater won't get the chance to go home -- at least for now -- after a judge Friday decided not to grant him bail.   Judge Pat Siracusa made his decision after two days of wrenching, evocative, at times seemingly contradictory testimony inside a Dade City, Florida, courtroom.   "The state did, in fact, meet their standard," Siracusa said of prosecutors argument that Curtis Reeves shouldn't be allowed to post bond. "And I am going to detain Mr. Reeves, pretrial. He will remain in custody."   Reeves' lawyer signaled his intention to appeal a decision that -- while not unexpected, given this is a homicide case -- he believes is unwarranted. The attorney, Richard Escobar, said that he's optimistic about not only the appeal on bail, but that a jury of six citizens will side with his client.   "Mr. Reeves is truly an innocent man," Escobar told reporters. "And we look forward to proving that at a jury trial at some point."   The widow of the man that Reeves killed, meanwhile, applauded Siracusa's decision.   "I'm just very happy and relieved," Nicole Oulson said. "... I have no doubt in my mind that it was the right decision."   No threats before shooting, widow says   Was it self-defense or an overreaction?   As Siracusa took pains to point out, his opting not to grant bail has nothing to do with his or others assessment of Reeves' guilt or innocence. That won't happen until trial. 
Norway ( ; Norwegian: (Bokmål) or (Nynorsk); ), officially the Kingdom of Norway, is a sovereign state and unitary monarchy whose territory comprises the western portion of the Scandinavian Peninsula plus the remote island of Jan Mayen and the archipelago of Svalbard. The Antarctic Peter I Island and the sub-Antarctic Bouvet Island are dependent territories and thus not considered part of the Kingdom. Norway also lays claim to a section of Antarctica known as Queen Maud Land. Until 1814, the kingdom included the Faroe Islands, Greenland, and Iceland. It also included Bohuslän until 1658, Jämtland and Härjedalen until 1645, Shetland and Orkney until 1468, and the Hebrides and Isle of Man until 1266.   Norway has a total area of and a population of 5,258,317 (as of January 2017). The country shares a long eastern border with Sweden (1,619 km or 1,006 mi long). Norway is bordered by Finland and Russia to the north-east, and the Skagerrak strait to the south, with Denmark on the other side. Norway has an extensive coastline, facing the North Atlantic Ocean and the Barents Sea.   King Harald V of the Dano-German House of Glücksburg is the current King of Norway. Erna Solberg became Prime Minister in 2013, replacing Jens Stoltenberg. A constitutional monarchy, Norway divides state power between the Parliament, the Cabinet and the Supreme Court, as determined by the 1814 Constitution. The kingdom was established as a merger of a large number of petty kingdoms. By the traditional count from the year 872, the kingdom has existed continuously for 1,145 years, and the list of Norwegian monarchs includes over sixty kings and earls.
One of Anna's friends has chickenpox . Two days later, Katie has chickenpox. Anna's mother says: " Your best friend has chickenpox . We have to keep an eye on you." The next evening, Anna finds some red spots on her face. The next morning, she stays home from school. She can't go to her grandpa's birthday party. She can't go to her soccer practice. She can't go to the supermarket with her mother.Anna cries : " I don't like chickenpox. I miss school. I miss my friends." Then Anna's mother has an idea. After lunch, Katie, Mike and Danny come to Anna's home--- all with spots like her. Anna's mother says : " Let's have a chickenpox party!" All the afternoon, the kids play games. When Anna's friends have to go home, "See you at school." Katie says. "Having chickenpox is not so bad." says Danny. "I know," Anna says with a laugh , " Can we all have chickenpox again next week?"
Lahore is the capital city of the Pakistani province of Punjab. It is the second-most populous city in Pakistan after Karachi. The city is located in the north-eastern end of Pakistan's Punjab province, near the border with the Indian state of Punjab. Lahore is ranked as a beta-world city, and is one of Pakistan's wealthiest cities with an estimated GDP of $58.14 billion (PPP) as of 2014.   Lahore is the historic cultural centre of the Punjab region, and is the largest Punjabi city in the world. The city has a long history, and was once under the rule of the Hindu Shahis, Ghaznavids, Ghurids, and the Delhi Sultanate. Lahore reached the height of its splendour under the Mughal Empire, serving as its capital city for a number of years. The city was captured by the forces of Persian Afsharid Emperor Nader Shah during his invasion of the Mughal Empire. The city was then contested between different powers before it became capital of the Sikh Empire, and then the capital of the Punjab under British rule. Lahore was central to the independence movements of both India and Pakistan, with the city being the site of both the declaration of Indian Independence, and the resolution calling for the establishment of Pakistan. Following the independence of Pakistan in 1947, Lahore became the capital of Pakistan's Punjab province.
Sen. John McCain's senior domestic policy adviser said Tuesday that the BlackBerry mobile e-mail device was a "miracle that John McCain helped create."   The adviser, Douglas Holtz-Eakin, discussing the nation's economic woes with reporters, said that McCain -- who has struggled to stress his economic credentials -- did have experience dealing with the economy, pointing to his time on the Senate Commerce Committee.   Pressed to provide an example of what McCain had accomplished on that committee, Holtz-Eakin said the senator did not have jurisdiction over financial markets, then he held up his Blackberry, telling reporters: "He did this."   "Telecommunications of the United States, the premiere innovation in the past 15 years, comes right through the Commerce Committee. So you're looking at the miracle that John McCain helped create," Holtz-Eakin said. "And that's what he did. He both regulated and deregulated the industry."   During the 2000 presidential campaign, Vice President Al Gore drew controversy when he said that during his time in Congress, he "took the initiative in creating the Internet" -- based on his work promoting funding and early research in that area.   The Obama campaign responded to the McCain adviser's comments Tuesday shortly after they were reported.   "If John McCain hadn't said that 'the fundamentals of our economy are strong' on the day of one of our nation's worst financial crises, the claim that he invented the BlackBerry would have been the most preposterous thing said all week," said Obama campaign spokesman Bill Burton.   Meanwhile, McCain senior aide Matt McDonald said that the senator "laughed" when he heard the comment. 
Affirmative action in the United States tends to focus on issues such as education and employment, specifically granting special consideration to racial minorities, Native Americans, and women who have been historically excluded groups in America. Reports have shown that minorities and women have faced discrimination in schools and businesses for many years and this discrimination produced unfair advantages for whites and males in education and employment. The impetus toward affirmative action is redressing the disadvantages associated with past and present discrimination. Further impetus is a desire to ensure public institutions, such as universities, hospitals, and police forces, are more representative of the populations they serve.   Affirmative action is a subject of controversy. Some policies adopted as affirmative action, such as racial quotas or gender quotas for collegiate admission, have been criticized as a form of reverse discrimination, and such implementation of affirmative action has been ruled unconstitutional by the majority opinion of Gratz v. Bollinger. Affirmative action as a practice was upheld by the Supreme Court's decision in Grutter v. Bollinger in 2003. Affirmative action policies were developed in order to correct decades of discrimination stemming from the Reconstruction Era by granting disadvantaged minorities opportunities. Many believe that the diversity of current American society suggests that affirmative action policies succeeded and are no longer required. Opponents of affirmative action argue that these policies are outdated and lead to reverse discrimination which entails favoring one group over another based upon racial preference rather than achievement.
When the board has no embedded components it is more correctly called a printed wiring board (PWB) or etched wiring board. However, the term printed wiring board has fallen into disuse. A PCB populated with electronic components is called a printed circuit assembly (PCA), printed circuit board assembly or PCB assembly (PCBA). The IPC preferred term for assembled boards is circuit card assembly (CCA), and for assembled backplanes it is backplane assemblies. The term PCB is used informally both for bare and assembled boards.   Initially PCBs were designed manually by creating a photomask on a clear mylar sheet, usually at two or four times the true size. Starting from the schematic diagram the component pin pads were laid out on the mylar and then traces were routed to connect the pads. Rub-on dry transfers of common component footprints increased efficiency. Traces were made with self-adhesive tape. Pre-printed non-reproducing grids on the mylar assisted in layout. To fabricate the board, the finished photomask was photolithographically reproduced onto a photoresist coating on the blank copper-clad boards.
Hispanic Americans and Latino Americans are people in the United States of America who are descendants of the Spanish-speaking and Portuguese-speaking countries of Latin America and Spain. It is the largest population of Latino Americans and Hispanics outside of Latin America. More generally, it includes all persons in the United States who self-identify as Hispanic or Latino, whether of full or partial ancestry. For the 2010 United States Census, people counted as "Hispanic" or "Latino" were those who identified as one of the specific Hispanic or Latino categories listed on the census questionnaire ("Mexican," "Puerto Rican," or "Cuban") as well as those who indicated that they were "other Spanish, Hispanic, or Latino." The national origins classified as Hispanic or Latino by the United States Census Bureau are the following: Spanish, Argentine, Cuban, Colombian, Puerto Rican, Mexican, Dominican, Costa Rican, Guatemalan, Honduran, Nicaraguan, Panamanian, Salvadoran, Bolivian, Chilean, Ecuadorian, Paraguayan, Peruvian, Uruguayan, and Venezuelan. Other U.S. government agencies have slightly different definitions of the term, including Brazilians and other Portuguese-speaking groups. The Census Bureau uses the terms Hispanic and Latino interchangeably.   "Origin" can be viewed as the ancestry, nationality group, lineage, or country of birth of the person or the person's parents or ancestors before their arrival in the United States. People who identify as Spanish, Hispanic, or Latino may be of any race. As the only specifically designated category of ethnicity in the United States (other than non-Hispanic/Latino), Hispanics form a pan-ethnicity incorporating a diversity of inter-related cultural and linguistic heritages. Most Hispanic Americans are of Mexican, Puerto Rican, Cuban, Salvadoran, Dominican, Guatemalan, or Colombian origin. The predominant origin of regional Hispanic populations varies widely in different locations across the country.
Katherine Com male is an 11-year-old girl from Pennsylvania. At the age of five she began raising money to buy nets for children in Africa to help stop the spread of malaria . When she was five, Katherine learnt about malaria in Africa. She learnt that every 30 seconds a child died from this disease. She, also learnt that people wouldn't get that disease if they had enough bed nets. "I was really sad to learn that a child died every half a minute because of malaria." Says Katherine, "I wanted to send nets right away, so that's what I did." Five-year-old Katherine made presentations at churches and schools. She told students and others how important bed nets were for Africans. After people heard the presentations, many of them donated money. Katherine sent the money to NBN. NBN is an organization that sends bed nets to Africa. Besides,every holiday Katherine makes something called " net gift certificate" with the help of her friends and brothers. On each l0-dollar certificate there is a message. It explains that a bed net would be sent to Africa. When more certificate orders come, Katherine gets help from students in her school. Katherine has helped to raise $200,000 for NBN. "It makes me proud to help African children. I won't stop working until everyone in Africa has a bed net." says Katherine.
Chicago ( or ), officially the City of Chicago, is the third-most populous city in the United States. With over 2.7 million residents, it is also the most populous city in both the state of Illinois and the Midwestern United States. It is the county seat of Cook County. The Chicago metropolitan area, often referred to as Chicagoland, has nearly 10 million people and is the third-largest in the U.S. Chicago has often been called a global architecture capital. Chicago is considered one of the most important business centers in the world.   Chicago was incorporated as a city in 1837, near a portage between the Great Lakes and the Mississippi River watershed, and grew rapidly in the mid-nineteenth century. After the Great Chicago Fire of 1871, which razed several square miles and left more than 100,000 homeless, the city made a concerted effort to rebuild on the damage. The construction boom accelerated population growth throughout the following decades, leading Chicago to become among the five largest cities in the world by 1900. During this period Chicago made noted contributions to urban planning and zoning standards, new construction styles (including the Chicago School of architecture), the development of the City Beautiful Movement, and the eventual creation of the steel-framed skyscraper.
Jen put on her favorite dress. She liked it because it had cats on it. She was very excited about her birthday cake. Maybe the cake would have a turtle on it. Jen was going to have turkey. She had no gravy, so she had chicken for dinner instead. After eating the chicken, she remembered she was late for the dance! She ran up the stairs. She put on a coat and ran out the door. She walked past some ice cream. She did not have time to stop and eat any of the ice cream. She walked past some sprinkles. She did not have time to eat the sprinkles. Jen walked past the yogurt. She did not have time to get the yogurt. Jen got to where she had to go. Soon after, she turned around and started the long walk back home. She got home at last. She saw her huge cake. It had chocolate on it. Jen was very happy. She was ready to enjoy the cake.
Jenny and Henry were born on the same day and they look the same. Their father is a taxi driver and he is busy all the time. He goes out early in the morning, but comes back when his children are sleeping in bed. He makes a lot of money but he doesn't talk with them about their study. The two children study in the same class. Jenny works hard at her lessons, but her brother likes nothing but playing. He is not good at writing compositions . One day Mrs. Cook told her class to write a composition "My Mother". After supper Jenny wrote one in her exercise book and then went to help her mother to do some housework. But Henry went to play football. When night fell, he came back to watch TV until the TV play was over. And he took off his clothes and went to bed, he remembered the composition and had to go to the sitting room again. But he didn't know how to write it. He thought hard and at last he found a way. He found Jenny's schoolbag and brought out her exercise book and copied her composition. Two days later Mrs. Cook asked Henry, "Can you tell me why your composition is the same as Jenny's?" "Yes, I can, madam," answered Henry. "We have the same mother. "
The biggest change in this year's census was in racial classification. Enumerators were instructed to no longer use the "Mulatto" classification. Instead, they were given special instructions for reporting the race of interracial persons. A person with both white and black ancestry (termed "blood") was to be recorded as "Negro," no matter the fraction of that lineage (the "one-drop rule"). A person of mixed black and American Indian ancestry was also to be recorded as "Neg" (for "Negro") unless he was considered to be "predominantly" American Indian and accepted as such within the community. A person with both White and American Indian ancestry was to be recorded as an Indian, unless his American Indian ancestry was small, and he was accepted as white within the community. In all situations in which a person had White and some other racial ancestry, he was to be reported as that other race. Persons who had minority interracial ancestry were to be reported as the race of their father.
A photograph or photo is an image created by light falling on a light-sensitive surface, usually photographic film or an electronic medium such as a CCD or a CMOS chip. Most photographs are created using a camera, which uses a lens to focus the scene's visible wavelengths of light into a reproduction of what the human eye would see. The process and practice of creating photographs is called photography. The word "photograph" was coined in 1839 by Sir John Herschel and is based on the Greek φῶς ("phos"), meaning "light", and γραφή ("graphê"), meaning "drawing, writing", together meaning "drawing with light".   The first permanent photograph, a contact-exposed copy of an engraving, was made in 1822 using the bitumen-based "heliography" process developed by Nicéphore Niépce. The first photographs of a real-world scene, made using a camera obscura, followed a few years later, but Niépce's process was not sensitive enough to be practical for that application: a camera exposure lasting for hours or days was required. In 1829 Niépce entered into a partnership with Louis Daguerre and the two collaborated to work out a similar but more sensitive and otherwise improved process.   After Niépce's death in 1833, Daguerre concentrated on silver halide-based alternatives. He exposed a silver-plated copper sheet to iodine vapor, creating a layer of light-sensitive silver iodide; exposed it in the camera for a few minutes; developed the resulting invisible latent image to visibility with mercury fumes; then bathed the plate in a hot salt solution to remove the remaining silver iodide, making the results light-fast. He named this first practical process for making photographs with a camera the daguerreotype, after himself. Its existence was announced to the world on 7 January 1839 but working details were not made public until 19 August. Other inventors soon made improvements which reduced the required exposure time from a few minutes to a few seconds, making portrait photography truly practical and widely popular.
The latest chapter in Amanda Knox's long legal battle began Monday in Florence, Italy, with a retrial over the 2007 killing of her British roommate Meredith Kercher.   But Knox, 26, who has expressed concern about returning to a country where she spent four years behind bars, was not in court.   Neither was Kercher's family, which said in a statement submitted by their lawyer in court on Monday that they would be following the new trial closely from the United Kingdom.   Knox was convicted in 2009 of murdering Kercher, a 21-year old British exchange student who was found stabbed to death in November 2007 in the villa the two young women rented in the central Italian university town of Perugia.   Family: Amanda Knox won't return to Italy for new trial   The convictions of Knox and her ex-boyfriend, Raffaele Sollecito, were overturned in 2011 for "lack of evidence."   After her acquittal, Knox returned to her hometown of Seattle, where she has been living since.   Knox: Sometimes, I can't stop crying   But Italy's Supreme Court decided last year to retry the case, saying the jury that acquitted Knox didn't consider all the evidence, and that discrepancies in testimony needed to be answered.   The retrial's opening day Monday was dominated by procedural items. The presiding judge, Alessandro Nencini, read out the facts of the case, including the conviction of Ivory Coast native Rudy Guede for his role in Kercher's murder.   The defense teams asked for several items of evidence to be retested for DNA, and Nencini agreed that a knife found in Sollecito's apartment would be re-examined. The court also agreed to hear testimony from Luciano Aviello, who served time in jail with Sollecito and claims that his brother killed Kercher. 
A former campaign staffer for San Diego Mayor Bob Filner became the second woman to publicly accuse him of sexual harassment, saying Tuesday that the then-congressman patted her "posterior" while at a fundraising event.   Laura Fink, who now runs a political consulting firm, told KPBS-TV that it happened in 2005 when she was working as Filner's deputy campaign manager.   Fink said she didn't go public with the incident at the time because she was trying to build her political career. But she said she now feels emboldened to tell her story after Filner's former spokeswoman, Irene McCormack Jackson, sued him for sexual harassment Monday.   Jackson said Filner subjected her and other women to "crude and disgusting" comments and inappropriate touching. She said she resigned as Filner's communications director in June after deciding the mayor would not change his behavior.   "I had to work and do my job in an atmosphere where women were viewed by Mayor Filner as sexual objects or stupid idiots," Jackson said. She said Filner asked her to work without underwear and made repeated sexual advances toward her.   "He is not fit to be mayor of our great city. He is not fit to hold any public office. A man who lacks character makes a mockery of his ideas," she said.   Fink told KPBS on Tuesday that the incident happened as she was escorting Filner from table to table at a fundraising dinner. At one point, she said, someone at the event told Filner that Fink had "worked her ass off" for him. 
The Tennessee Supreme Court on Wednesday refused to modify or overturn a lower court's ruling allowing Mary Winkler, convicted of killing her minister husband, visitation rights with the couple's three daughters.   Holding baby Brianna, Mary Winkler stands next to Matthew. In the foreground are Mary Alice and Patricia.   Charles and Diane Winkler, parents of slain minister Matthew Winkler, had asked the court to intervene and either revoke Mary Winkler's visitation rights or allow them to proceed only under supervision of a counselor.   The children -- Patricia, Mary Alice and Brianna -- have been living with their grandparents since their mother was arrested last year.   Winkler has not seen the children in 15 months, said Kay Farese Turner, her attorney. She said her client was "absolutely elated about the news and believes this will be her best Christmas ever."   Turner said she believes the visit may come before Christmas.   A jury convicted Winkler earlier this year of voluntary manslaughter in the shotgun death of Matthew Winkler -- not the first-degree murder conviction prosecutors had wanted. She said the slaying came after years of abuse, including physical violence and being forced to dress "slutty" for undesirable sex acts.   Winkler received a three-year sentence, but a judge required her to serve only 210 days, gave her credit for the five months she had already served and allowed her to serve the remaining 60 days in a mental health facility. She was released in August.   At the time of their father's death in March 2006, Patricia was 8, Mary Alice was 6 and Brianna was 1. 
Juan and Amy were happy because they were going to help their mom make a cake. They were making the cake for their dad who was returning from a long trip. Amy thought about all the things she wanted to do with her dad when he got back. They would go to the park and he could push her on the swing then they could take their dog for a walk and have a long talk like they used to do. Juan was also thinking about all the things he and his dad could do when he got back. Maybe they could all go to the river like last year and his dad could teach him how to skip stones across the river. They could share hotdogs like last year too. "What are you two doing in here?" Their mom asked. "We are waiting to help you with Dad's cake." Juan said. "Okay, you two get out the yogurt for the frosting and I am going to start the oven to get it warmer." "Oh no! I spilled the punch when Juan was closing the door." Amy cried. "It is okay we can clean that up in no time." Juan said and grabbed the paper towels. Just as their mom was mixing the cake ingredients Juan and Amy heard their dog bark. "Mom! The dog is barking someone is here." Juan said. "Well your dad is not going to be here until this afternoon. You two wait here." She said and walked out of the kitchen. Her husband opened the door and smiled at her. She hugged him and they walked into the kitchen together. "Daddy!" Juan and Amy shouted and ran to hug him. "I missed you guys so I left early."
Famous centenarians still active in arts, science are in no mood to retire. "Those who stand still, die," is one of Oliveira's favorite phrases. He knows from experience what it means, as the Portuguese film director has reached the age of 102 and is still active in his profession. Every year, Oliveira shoots a film and is currently working on his next project. "You have to work, work, work in order to forget that death is not far away," he said. When asked about his age, Oliveira said with some humility: "It's down to mother nature. It gave to me what it took from others."   Being both mentally and physically fit in old age is partly a matter of luck, but it also has something to do with character. Not every white-haired person is wise and social skills, openness and the ability to train the brain are essential for senior citizens.   Along with the architect Oscar Niemeyer (103), Nobel laureate Montalcini (101) and director Kurt Maetzig (100), Oliveira is one of those people of whom it would be very wrong to think as members of a listless elderly generation.   Another master in his profession is the architect Oscar Niemeyer. The 103-year-old Brazilian is best known for his futuristic-looking buildings in Brasilia, but he also speaks out on behalf of the poor. "The role of the architect is to struggle for a better world where we can develop a form of architecture that serves everyone and not just a privileged few," said Niemeyer recently. He spends almost every day working in his office in Copacabana, and even when he falls ill he keeps working on ideas: After a gallbladder operation he composed a samba tune in the clinic.   Another man who could sing a song about age is 107-year-old Heesters. The Dutch-born opera singer spent most of his life performing in Germany, where he still works. Recently Heesters said: "I want to be at least 108-years-old." He also plans to keep performing. " _ " Heesters has not given up trying to add to his tally of awards and is looking for a "good stage role".   Italian scientist Rita Levi-Montalcini, who is 101-year-old and is still active in medical science, has described the force that keeps driving her on: "Progress is created through imperfection." In 1986 she and her lab colleague were awarded the Nobel Prize for Medicine for their work on nerve growth factor. She's convinced that humans grow on challenges.   With so many brilliant examples given, we can see clearly that age is no barrier to some high achievers.
The Chicago Cubs are an American professional baseball team located on the North Side of Chicago, Illinois. The Cubs compete in Major League Baseball (MLB) as a members of the National League (NL) Central division; the team plays its home baseball games at Wrigley Field. The Cubs are also one of two active major league teams based in Chicago; the other is the Chicago White Sox, who are a member of the American League (AL) Central division. The team is currently owned by Thomas S. Ricketts, son of TD Ameritrade founder Joe Ricketts.   The team played its first games in 1876 as a founding member of the National League (NL), eventually becoming known officially as the Chicago Cubs for the 1903 season. Officially, the Cubs are tied for the distinction of being the oldest currently active U.S. professional sports club, along with the Atlanta Braves, which also began play in the NL in 1876 as the Boston Red Stockings (Major League Baseball does not officially recognize the National Association of Professional Base Ball Players as a major league.)
Ohio has executed its second inmate using a new one-drug method, officials said Thursday.   Vernon Smith, 37, was pronounced dead at 10:28 a.m., according to a statement from the Ohio Department of Rehabilitation and Correction.   Smith was convicted of killing Toledo, Ohio, store owner Sohail Darwish during a robbery in 1993.   According to court documents, Darwish did not resist Smith's orders to open the cash register and hand over his wallet, but Smith shot him anyway, saying he "moved too slow." Darwish bled to death from a single gunshot wound to the chest, the documents said.   Darwish, a 28-year-old from Saudi Arabia, had a year-old daughter, and his wife was pregnant with another daughter, the Columbus Dispatch newspaper reported Thursday.   The execution was Ohio's second using the one-drug method. Kenneth Biros, 51, was put to death in December. It was Ohio's first execution since September, when Gov. Ted Strickland and federal courts halted capital punishment in the state after a botched attempt to execute another prisoner, Romell Broom. The prison staff could not find a suitable vein for Broom's lethal injections.   The one-drug method used on Biros had never been tried on U.S. death row inmates. It relies on a single dose of sodium thiopental injected into a vein. A separate two-drug muscle injection was available as a backup, officials said. The one-drug method has been used to euthanize animals.   The same drug, sodium thiopental -- but at a much lower dosage -- is the first ingredient in the three-drug method previously used in Ohio, as well as in all but one of the other 34 states with the death penalty. 
Limit the use of private cars, improve public transport and encourage the use of bicycles to control traffic congestion during the 2008 Olympics, experts from foreign countries advised Beijing on Friday. Professor Nigel Wilson, of the civil and environmental engineering department of Massachusetts Institute of Technology, said he was "supportive to the limiting of private cars during the Olympic Games", saying that in foreign countries, the method is also adopted during big events, but he was unsure about the approach. The government planned to keep an average of more than one million cars off the roads to improve traffic flow during the Olympics, said Liu Xiaoming, deputy director of the Beijing Traffic Committee, at the China Planning Network First Urban Transportation Congress. Sharing Wilson's view, Dr. Yoshitsugu Hayashi, dean of the Graduate School of Environmental Studies of Nagoya University, believed the reduction in car use should be achieved not by banning, but through _ . "Drivers who don't use their private cars could be given points," he said, "and the points could be exchanged for goods from online shopping." Wetzel stressed limiting the use of company cars. "Governmental officials should also be encouraged to use public transportation or ride bicycles," he said, adding that he himself is a bicycle-rider in London. Matthew Martimo, director of Traffic Engineering with Citilabs, said the bicycle was China's advantage. "Limiting private cars is an idea worth trying but it is just a temporary solution," he said. "The real cause of congestion is high density of people in Beijing and many have cars." Beijing, with a population of 15 million, is home to more than three million automobiles, and the number is rising by 1,000 a day. Professor Wilson said the Olympic Games was a great opportunity for Beijing to think about traffic problems and develop transportation, adding that the city had already been making public transport more efficient. Beijing has promised to stretch its 114-kilometer city railway to 200 kilometers before the opening of the Olympic Games. "We are looking forward to borrowing Beijing's experiences and drawing from its lessons in preparation for the 2012 Olympics," said Wetzel.
Three radio DJs in Kenya are going six days without food while broadcasting non-stop to promote peaceful voting in a country that was nearly torn apart after its last election five years ago.   Ghetto Radio presenters Mbusii, Solloo and Essie have been locked inside a "glass house" in central Nairobi since Wednesday, as part of the station's annual Serious Request Kenya event.   This year's theme is "Vote4Peace Vote4Kenya," ahead of the East African country's elections on March 4 2013. The vote will be the first since ethnic violence engulfed the country after disputed elections in December 2007, leaving more than 1,000 people dead and 350,000 displaced, according to the Kenya Red Cross.   Read related: Can tech revolutionize African elections?   Three days into the challenge, DJ Solloo is in good spirits -- despite the lack of food.   "I'm a bit hungry," he laughingly admits, "but we have to do this -- it's a pretty good feeling."   Solloo, whose real name is Solomon Njoroge, says Kenya cannot afford a return to post-election violence. Last time around, he says, he was a victim of the bloody unrest that swept his town of Eldoret, one of the fighting hotspots in Kenya's Rift Valley province.   Solloo says that back then he had to spend more than two weeks with limited food supplies while camping at a police station for safety.   "This country cannot afford to go back to that time," says Solloo from the glass house, a few moments before going on air. "I decided to come here because we have to push for this message to be a part of every Kenyan. It has to be every Kenyan's initiative to know that peace is more than just the absence of war." 
An Australian man who has been donating his extremely rare kind of blood for 56 years has saved the lives of more than two million babies.   James Harrison has an antibody in his plasma that stops babies dying from Rhesus disease, a form of severe anaemia . He has enabled countless mothers to give birth to healthy babies, including his own daughter, Tracey, who had a healthy son thanks to her father's blood.   Mr. Harrison has been giving blood every few weeks since he was 18 years old and has now racked up a total of 984 donations. When he started donating, his blood was deemed so special that his life was insured for one million Australian dollars.   He was also nicknamed the "man with the golden arm" or the "man in _ ". He said, "I've never thought about stopping. Never!" He made a pledge to be a donor aged 14 after undergoing major chest surgery in which he needed 13 liters of blood. "I was in hospital for three months," he said. "The blood I received saved my life so I made a pledge to give blood when I was 18."   Just after he started donating he was found to have the rare and life-saving antibody in his blood. At the time, thousands of babies in Australia were dying each year of Rhesus disease. Other newborns suffered permanent brain damage because of the condition. _ . It stems from one having Rh-positive blood and the other Rh-negative .   His blood has since led to the development of a vaccine called Anti-D. After his blood type was discovered, Mr. Harrison volunteered to undergo a series of tests to help develop the Anti-D vaccine. "They insured me for a million dollars so I knew my wife Barbara would be taken care of," he said. "I wasn't scared. I was glad to help. I had to sign every form going and basically sign my life away."   Mr. Harrison is Rh-negative and was given injections of Rh-positive blood. It was found his plasma could treat the condition and since then it has been given to hundreds of thousands of women. It has also been given to babies after they are born to stop them developing the disease.   It is estimated he has helped save 2.2 million babies so far. Mr. Harrison is still donating every few weeks now.
Tom Becker has won the 2007 Waterstone's children's book prize with his first novel, Darkside, receiving a cheque for PS1,000 and the promise of display in branches of the book store across the country.   The 25-year-old author described winning as an "unbelievable feeling". "I didn't think my book would be on the shortlist and stood a chance of winning, and it's amazing to receive such an important award at the beginning of my writing career. Needless to say I am absolutely made up." he said.   The novel, inspired by film noir , fantasy and a fascination with the dark side of the 19th century, is for children between the ages of nine and 12. It tells the story of a boy, Jonathan Stirling, who discovers a similar world filled with vampires and werewolves . This alternative reality has a clearly Victorian air, and is ruled by a descendant of Jack the Ripper. Soon hunters from the other side begin searching for Jonathan, who finds himself driven into their world.   Waterstone's head children's buyer, Wayne Winstone, thought highly of Becker's "huge" achievement. He said: "Tom Becker's writing style attracts you in the same way that Darren Shan's does with his mix of adventure and the supernatural.   "I have a feeling that Tom has real potential and could be one of the big names in children's writing in the future."   This year's shortlist also included Michael Broad's Jake Cake, Philip Caveney's Sebastian Darke and Siobhan Dowd's A Swift Pure Cry. Last year's prize was won by Julia Golding with The Diamond of Drury Lane.
The contemporary Liberal Party generally advocates economic liberalism (see New Right). Historically, the party has supported a higher degree of economic protectionism and interventionism than it has in recent decades. However, from its foundation the party has identified itself as anti-socialist. Strong opposition to socialism and communism in Australia and abroad was one of its founding principles. The party's founder and longest-serving leader Robert Menzies envisaged that Australia's middle class would form its main constituency.   Throughout their history, the Liberals have been in electoral terms largely the party of the middle class (whom Menzies, in the era of the party's formation called "The forgotten people"), though such class-based voting patterns are no longer as clear as they once were. In the 1970s a left-wing middle class emerged that no longer voted Liberal.[citation needed] One effect of this was the success of a breakaway party, the Australian Democrats, founded in 1977 by former Liberal minister Don Chipp and members of minor liberal parties; other members of the left-leaning section of the middle-class became Labor supporters.[citation needed] On the other hand, the Liberals have done increasingly well in recent years among socially conservative working-class voters.[citation needed]However the Liberal Party's key support base remains the upper-middle classes; 16 of the 20 richest federal electorates are held by the Liberals, most of which are safe seats. In country areas they either compete with or have a truce with the Nationals, depending on various factors.
Kelsey's uncle Jack gave him and his brother, Davy, some chalk to play with. Kelsey was a pretty good artist. His family said that all of his drawings looked real. His brother was sad that he was not as good at art and drawing as Kelsey. Davy teased Kelsey to take his mind off the fact that he was not as good at art. He called Kelsey names and pretended to be a monster to scare Kelsey when he wasn't paying attention. When their mother gave them some chocolate as a treat, Davy took all of it and wouldn't let Kelsey have any. Uncle Jack finally saw that Davy was hurting his brother, so he sat down to talk to him. After lots of questioning, Davy told his uncle the truth. "Instead of teasing your brother," Uncle Jack said, "why don't you ask him to teach you how to draw some things? He's used to his big brother knowing everything. I think he would like to teach you some things." Davy looked at the ground and finally said, "Okay." Kelsey was pleased that his brother asked him to teach him. After that, both boys got along much better.
Would you like to join an all-women' s expedition to Annapurna? You must be an experienced high altitude climber, strong, enthusiastic and a hard worker! If you think this is for YOU, please contact: Arlene Blum, Berkeley, California, USA.   Many women wrote to them from all over the world, but they could only choose ten. When the final team was chosen, the youngest was twenty years old, the oldest was fifty.   For Arlene, finding the climbers was only the first step. The team needed another important thing: money. There were long talks at Vera Watson' s house, when they discussed how to make the 80,000 dollars they would need for the expedition. With the help of enthusiastic friends, they organized dances, sports, and parties. They even sold expedition T- shirts. After many months, and a lot of hard work, they finally had the money they needed.   Now at last they were in Kathmandu, the city where their great adventure would begin. Arlene looked round at the women in the airport. They looked tired after the long journey from Francisco, but happy to be in Nepal at last. There had been so many friends and families at the airport to say goodbye. It had been difficult to leave the people they loved. Irene had looked so sad when she said goodbye to her daughters. Arlene had found it very difficult to leave her boyfriend, John. For all of them there was the chance that they would never see their families or friends again.   All climbing in the Himalayas is dangerous. One in ten of the people who go there do not come back. Annapurna was very dangerous because of its avalanches. Arlene knew the avalanches very well. On the expedition film she said...
When I was a little girl I lived in a place with no winter. It was always warm there. It never got cold. It never snowed. Sometimes it rained. Sometimes there was wind. But there was no snow on the trees or on the ground. There was no snow falling on our heads. There was no snow to make a snowman.   My teacher's name was Mrs. Scott. One day in December, Mrs. Scott told us that we were going to make a snowman. We were excited! We wanted to see a snowman. We knew how a snowman looked. We knew a snowman was made of three snowballs. A snowman had to have a carrot nose and black eyes and buttons. A snowman had a hat and a scarf. We knew all these things.   Mrs. Scott asked us to bring everything we needed to our classroom to make a snowman. Jimmy said, "I can bring the hat and the scarf." Anita said, "I can bring a carrot for the nose." Selma said, "I can cut out some black circles for the eyes and the buttons." Ricky asked, "But who can bring the snow?"   Mrs. Scott said, "I know what to do."   The next day all the children brought the things for the snowman. We did not know where Mrs. Scott would get the snow. Then she showed us. Our snowman is made of three bushes! Three bushes painted white! We put all the things on the bushes and it looked like a real snowman.
My mother-in-law, Dorothy, is showing me the red notebook that's almost as precious to her as my husband's baby pictures. Inside the notebook is a list of the books she has read since 2007. For some people waking up in the middle of the night is a terrible thing. But for my mother-in-law, that time is a gift. At 87, she is getting the education she never had by working her way through great literature. She has now read close to 100 books, including every single novel by Anthony Trollope, Charles Dickens, Jane Austen, Edith Wharton, Henry James and Thomas Mann.   My mother-in-law discusses her passion with the enthusiasm of a young girl, although she can also be a very tough critic, writing "VG' for " very good" in the margins next to her favorites. So far, only a handful of books have received the top prize.   Born in Ridgefield, Conn, Dorothy was the youngest daughter of an Italian gardener. She taught herself English by reading The New York Times. Eager to come to Manhattan, she became a nurse, married a dentist and spent the next several decades keeping the house and raising a family. In her later years, she put her nursing skills to good use by taking care of my father-in-law, who had lung cancer. There were many trips to the emergency room in the middle of the night and then a long hospital stay. She stayed awake to watch over him for 15 hours a day. Always a light sleeper, she developed sleeplessness as a result of the stress.   It worsened after he died. Deeply sad and lonely for the first time in her life, she began waking up around 2am. Julian and Sylvia, the elderly couple next door suggest she read literature. And so Julian, a great lover of literature, became her "professor", providing books from his large library. Suddenly   turned onto a world of amazing characters.
Everyone has a family name. My name is Jane Armstrong. Armstrong is my family name. What does Armstrong mean ? Does it mean my arms are strong? But I am a slim girl. I don't like strong arms. My best friend is Lucy Long. Is she a long or a tall girl? No, she isn't. She is short. But she has long hair. Some family names come from jobs. My cousin's name is James Cook. Does it mean he can cook? No, he can't. And he doesn't like cooking at all. He only likes eating nice food. And he likes the TV show A Bite Of China (<<>> ), because it is all about nice food. Some people get family names from places. Ann Hill is my classmate. Is there a hill near her home? Yes, there is one behind her home. But her uncle, Tom Hill, lives 20 kilometers from a hill.
Muhammad (; ; c. 570 CE – 8 June 632 CE) is the prophet and founder of Islam. According to Islamic doctrine, he was God's Messenger, sent to confirm the essential teachings of monotheism preached previously by Adam, Abraham, Moses, Jesus, and other prophets. He is viewed as the final prophet of God in all the main branches of Islam, though some modern denominations diverge from this belief. Muhammad united Arabia into a single Muslim polity and ensured that his teachings, practices, and the Quran formed the basis of Islamic religious belief.   Born approximately 570CE (Year of the Elephant) in the Arabian city of Mecca, Muhammad was orphaned at an early age; he was raised under the care of his paternal uncle Abu Talib. Periodically, he would seclude himself in a mountain cave named Hira for several nights of prayer; later, at age 40, he reported being visited by Gabriel in the cave, where he stated he received his first revelation from God. Three years later, in 610, Muhammad started preaching these revelations publicly, proclaiming that "God is One", that complete "surrender" (lit. "islām") to him is the right course of action ("dīn"), and that he was a prophet and messenger of God, similar to the other prophets in Islam.
"Lizzie, there's a letter for you!" Emily called up the stairs to her sister. Elizabeth looked down. "Is it from Harvard? They refused my application once." Emily answered, "No, it's from Yale." Quickly, Elizabeth walked downstairs. She took the letter and opened it. "Rejected again," Elizabeth said unhappily. "Who says women can't be doctors?"   "They are fools not to accept you. You can't let them stop you, Lizzie," Emily said.   "I won't. I'll apply to Geneva Medical College," Elizabeth told her sister. As it turned out, the professors at Geneva Medical College were not fools. They allowed Elizabeth Blackwell to study medicine.   In 1848, a year before Elizabeth would graduate, a typhoid epidemic broke out in New York. Elizabeth wrote to Emily. "There's an outbreak of typhoid, and I am going to help. It is dangerous, so if I should not survive, please do me the honor of studying medicine yourself."   Emily replied, "Encouraged by your dream and success, I have decided to study in medical school, as well."   Having survived the disease, Elizabeth tried to set up a private medical practice. "I graduated first in my class but no one believes a woman can be a good doctor," she said to Emily one day. "All I hear is that doctors should be men, while women should stay home to cook and clean."   Emily said worriedly, "I will graduate in June with my medical degree. What shall we do?" Elizabeth thought for a while and replied, "There's a big house in the poor part of our town. We can practice medicine there for people who couldn't afford care."   Soon with the help of some friends, Elizabeth and Emily bought the house and opened a hospital for poor women and children. "We'll have an all-women staff ," Elizabeth said. "And later, we'll add a medical college for women!" Emily added. At last, Elizabeth realized her dream of being a doctor.
Philosophers in antiquity used the concept of force in the study of stationary and moving objects and simple machines, but thinkers such as Aristotle and Archimedes retained fundamental errors in understanding force. In part this was due to an incomplete understanding of the sometimes non-obvious force of friction, and a consequently inadequate view of the nature of natural motion. A fundamental error was the belief that a force is required to maintain motion, even at a constant velocity. Most of the previous misunderstandings about motion and force were eventually corrected by Galileo Galilei and Sir Isaac Newton. With his mathematical insight, Sir Isaac Newton formulated laws of motion that were not improved-on for nearly three hundred years. By the early 20th century, Einstein developed a theory of relativity that correctly predicted the action of forces on objects with increasing momenta near the speed of light, and also provided insight into the forces produced by gravitation and inertia.
It's summer movie time again. Check out our list of four films.   Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   Release Date: November 4   Story: It's the summer before Harry Potter's third year at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. A dangerous murderer, Sirius Black, has escaped from the Wizards' Prison. And he was ordered to kill Harry Potter.   Around the World in 80 Days   Release Date: November 16   Story: This version of the classic novel set in 1872 focuses on Passepartout ( Hong Kong actor Jackie Chan), a Chinese thief who seeks refuge with a strange London adventurer, Phileas Fogg. Passepartout uses his martial art skills to defend Fogg from danger as he travels around the world in 80 days.   Spider-Man 2   Release Date: November 30   Story: Peter Parker is still coming to accept his dual identity as the crime superhero Spider-Man. He wants to reveal his secret identity to Mary Jane, meanwhile, his Aunt May is in trouble. This is Dr Otto Octavius who has appeared to bring her a lot of troubles.   King Arthur   Release Date: November 7   Story: King Arthur is presented as a clever ruler who manages to unite all the knights in Britain. Under the guidance of Merlin and the beautiful, brave Guinevere, Arthur will struggle to realize his dreams.
Tampa () is a major city in, and the county seat of, Hillsborough County, Florida, United States. It is on the west coast of Florida on Tampa Bay, near the Gulf of Mexico, and is the largest city in the Tampa Bay Area. The city had a population of 335,709 at the 2010 census, and an estimated population of 377,165 in 2016.   Archaeological evidence indicates the shores of Tampa Bay were inhabited by indigenous peoples for thousands of years. The Safety Harbor culture developed in the area around the year 1000 AD, and the descendant Tocobaga and Pohoy chiefdoms were living in or near the current city limits of Tampa when the area was first visited by Spanish explorers in the 16th century. Interactions between native peoples and the Spanish were brief and often violent, and although the newcomers did not stay for long, they introduced European diseases which brought the collapse of native societies across the Florida peninsula over the ensuing decades. Although Spain claimed all of Florida and beyond as part of New Spain, it did not found a colony on the west coast. After the disappearance of the indigenous populations, there were no permanent settlements in the Tampa Bay area until after the United States acquired Florida from Spain in 1821.
Organizers of the 2018 Russia World Cup insist they have nothing to hide ahead of an investigation into the bidding process for the 2018 and 2022 tournaments.   Football's world governing body FIFA awarded the 2018 competition to Russia and the 2022 World Cup to Qatar in December 2010, a decision which has been dogged by allegations of corruption and wrongdoing.   Michael Garcia, a former New York attorney, is head of the investigative arm of FIFA's ethics committee and will visit all of the countries involved in the bidding process for the two tournaments, beginning in London next week. Garcia has always insisted he is completely independent from FIFA and would not hesitate to take action against president Sepp Blatter or other top FIFA officials if he found evidence that they broke the rules.   The head of media for Russia 2018 says the committee will co-operate fully with Garcia's fact-finding investigation.   "We can confirm the local organizing committee (LOC) will fully support Mr Garcia's work if he contacts us," read a statement issued to CNN.   "The Russia 2018 committee ran a bid campaign in full compliance with FIFA rules and ethics, and we were awarded the right to host the FIFA World Cup because of the unique and compelling proposition we put together.   "The LOC continues to conduct itself with exactly the same degree of transparency, commitment to excellence and spirit of fair play."   Blog: Can the Qatar World Cup be moved?   How and where Garcia's potential meeting with Russia takes place is open to question given in April he was one of 18 people barred from entering the country over what Moscow said were human rights abuses, linked to the lawyer's arrest and charging of Viktor Bout, a Russian, who is serving a 25-year prison sentence in the U.S. for arms trafficking. 
Joe Simon, the co-creator of star-spangled comic book hero Captain America, has died at 98, his family announced.   Simon, a writer, editor and artist, passed away late Wednesday in New York after a short illness.   Simon and artist Jack Kirby, who ran a studio, developed the character in the early 1940s and worked outside the box to develop a distinct design.   "Together, the team created Captain America as well as long list of characters, including The Newsboy Legion and The Boy Commandos," a statement Thursday from Simon's family said.   A Marvel Comics website provides a summary of Captain America and his superhero quest.   "In World War II, patriotic soldier Steve Rogers, recipient of the 'Super Soldier Serum,' became the living symbol of freedom, Captain America. Left for dead while frozen in ice, the star-spangled hero with an indestructible shield awoke years later to continue his never-ending battle for liberty."   The movie "Captain America: The First Avenger" was released this year. Chris Evans, in the title role, went up against villain Red Skull, played by Hugo Weaving.   Kirby and Simon created Captain America for Timely Comics, Marvel's predecessor. The comic was a huge hit during World War II.   With Captain America came some of Kirby's comic book innovations, Mark Evanier, author of the book "Kirby: King of Comics," told CNN in 2008.   Comic books, which had started as reprints of newspaper comic strips, had adhered to that form's look of repetitious boxes. Kirby and Simon used different-sized panels, varying shapes, even full pages. 
The Southwestern United States (also known as the American Southwest) is the informal name for a region of the western United States. Definitions vary a great deal and have never been standardized--and many have been proposed. For example, it might include the stretch from east of Los Angeles to El Paso, and from the Mexican border to south of Denver. The population for that particular definition area is around 11 million people, with over half that in the state of Arizona. The largest metropolitan areas are Phoenix (with a population over 4 million people) and Las Vegas (about 2 million); other significant population centers in the Southwest are Albuquerque, El Paso, and Tucson.   Most of the area was part of the Viceroyalty of New Spain in the Spanish Empire before becoming part of Mexico. European settlement was almost non-existent outside New Mexico in 1848, when it became part of the United States through the Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo; far southern Arizona was added in the later Gadsden Purchase.   The geography of the region is mainly made up by four features: the Mojave, Sonoran, and Chihuahuan Deserts, and the Colorado Plateau; although there are other geographical features as well, such as a portion of the Great Basin Desert. The deserts dominate the southern and western reaches of the area, while the plateau (which is largely made up of high desert) is the main feature north of the Mogollon Rim. The two major rivers of the region are the Colorado River, running in the northern and western areas, and the Rio Grande, running in the east, north to south.
Few of us haven't read Cinderella , the story of a young woman living in poverty who meets the prince of her dreams. Some might not want to admit it, but there is a hidden Cinderella in everyone's heart--we all wish we could achieve recognition or success after a period of obscurity . Mary Santiago has that secret dream, too. Her story is featured in Another Cinderella Story, a film set in a US high school.   Mary is shy but loves to dance. Compared with other girls, she is invisible. However, her world changes completely when a famous teenager pop singer, Joey Parker, appears. Joey is everything the rest of the boys in her class are not--kind, handsome and desirable. Mary and Joey's paths cross at a ball. They meet and fall in love with each other. But when Mary has to rush back home, she leaves behind her MP3 player, which becomes the only clue Joey has to find the girl of his dreams. Of course, there is a wicked stepmother, who turns out to be Dominique Blatt and she takes in Mary after her dancer mother dies. Dominique treats Mary like a maid and does everything she can to make sure Mary doesn't get into the top dance school. Her two daughters are equally determined to stop Joey falling for Mary, even if that means embarrassing her.   The story, though it mostly follows Cinderella, does add a few modern day twists to the classic fairy tale. Refreshingly, the film, unlike many high school films, does not focus on looks, although the actors are all beautiful. There is also a lot less materialism in Another Cinderella Story than in many similar movies.   "The movie takes the Cinderella fairytale as its jumping off point," writes movie critic Amber Wilkinson, "The focus is firmly on following your dream."
The Times is a British daily national newspaper based in London. It began in 1785 under the title The Daily Universal Register and became The Times on 1 January 1788. The Times and its sister paper The Sunday Times (founded in 1821) are published by Times Newspapers, since 1981 a subsidiary of News UK, itself wholly owned by the News Corp group headed by Rupert Murdoch. The Times and The Sunday Times do not share editorial staff, were founded independently and have only had common ownership since 1967.   The Times is the first newspaper to have borne that name, lending it to numerous other papers around the world, including The Times of India (founded in 1838), The Straits Times (Singapore) (1845), The New York Times (1851), The Irish Times (1859), Le Temps (France) (1861-1942), the Cape Times (South Africa) (1872), the Los Angeles Times (1881), The Seattle Times (1891), The Manila Times (1898), The Daily Times (Malawi) (1900), El Tiempo (Colombia) (1911), The Canberra Times (1926), and The Times (Malta) (1935). In these countries, the newspaper is often referred to as The London Times or The Times of London.
A year to the day after he killed his girlfriend, South African "blade runner" Oscar Pistorius broke his silence Friday, describing her death as a "devastating accident."   The double amputee Olympic star is charged with premeditated murder in the shooting death of his girlfriend, Reeva Steenkamp, a model and law school graduate.   He has never denied killing the woman he calls the love of his life on Valentine's Day last year.   But he maintains that he mistook her for a home invader when he shot her in the bathroom of his upscale home in Pretoria.   Since being freed on bail, he has remained largely out of the spotlight. He released a statement Friday, the anniversary of her death, saying he will carry the "complete trauma" of the day forever.   "No words can adequately capture my feelings about the devastating accident that has caused such heartache for everyone who truly loved -- and continues to love Reeva," he said on his website.   "The pain and sadness -- especially for Reeva's parents, family and friends consumes me with sorrow."   Pistorius, an Olympic sprinter, also tweeted about her death for the first time since the shooting.   "A few words from my heart," the tweet said, linking to the statement on his website.   His statement got mixed reviews on social media.   "Apparently Oscar Pistorius is 'consumed by sorrow'. All these perpetrators claiming victim status. Again, I want to scream," Marianna Tortell tweeted.   Others were more forgiving.   "God bless you, Oscar," @Sissi_olcp tweeted. "Such kind and heartfelt words. My thoughts and prayers are with you, your family and Reeva's loved ones." 
A court in Fulton County, Georgia, has temporarily stopped the scheduled Monday night execution of condemned murderer Warren Hill.   Hill was sentenced to death for the 1990 killing of Joseph Handspike, another inmate in a Georgia state prison.   He was convicted of beating Handspike to death with a nail-studded board while serving a life sentence in the 1985 killing of his girlfriend, Myra Wright. His lawyers have argued that Hill is mentally retarded.   Last minute stay of execution granted in February   "Today, the Court found that more time is needed to explore Mr. Hill's complaint, which raises serious concerns about the extreme secrecy surrounding the execution process in Georgia, and the new Lethal Injection Secrecy Act, which took effect one day before Georgia issued a death warrant for Mr. Hill," Brian Kammer, Hill's attorney said in a statement.   Monday is not the first time Hill's execution has been halted.   He had previously been scheduled to die last July, but the state Supreme Court stopped the execution on procedural grounds. Hill was granted another stay in February.   According to Kammer, a briefing on Hill's complaint will take place Thursday. A new execution date is expected to be set for the same day, he said.   "Ultimately, we are hopeful that the United States Supreme Court will hear Mr. Hill's pending Petition for Writ of Habeas Corpus, and will have the opportunity to consider the important new evidence in this case, that there is unanimous consensus among all the doctors who have examined Mr. Hill, including three who previously testified for the state, that he is a person with mental retardation, and thus ineligible for the death penalty," said Kammer. 
Located at a varying distance no closer than 33 million miles from the earth, Mars is the fourth planet from the Sun and the second-smallest planet in the Solar System after Mercury. In English Mars carries a name of the Roman god of war, and is often referred to as the "Red Planet" because the reddish iron oxide prevalent on its surface gives it a reddish appearance that is distinctive among the astronomical bodies visible to the naked eye. Mars is a terrestrial planet with a thin atmosphere, having surface features reminiscent both of the impact craters of the Moon and the valleys, deserts, and polar ice caps of Earth.   The rotational period and seasonal cycles of Mars are likewise similar to those of Earth, as is the tilt that produces the seasons. Mars is the site of Olympus Mons, the largest volcano and second-highest known mountain in the Solar System, and of Valles Marineris, one of the largest canyons in the Solar System. The smooth Borealis basin in the northern hemisphere covers 40% of the planet and may be a giant impact feature. Mars has two moons, Phobos and Deimos, which are small and irregularly shaped. These may be captured asteroids, similar to 5261 Eureka, a Mars trojan.
Togo (), officially the Togolese Republic (), is a country in West Africa bordered by Ghana to the west, Benin to the east and Burkina Faso to the north. It extends south to the Gulf of Guinea, where its capital Lomé is located. Togo covers , making it one of the smallest countries in Africa, with a population of approximately /1e6 round 1 million.   From the 11th to the 16th century, various tribes entered the region from all directions. From the 16th century to the 18th century, the coastal region was a major trading center for Europeans to search for slaves, earning Togo and the surrounding region the name "The Slave Coast". In 1884, Germany declared Togoland a protectorate. After World War I, rule over Togo was transferred to France. Togo gained its independence from France in 1960. In 1967, Gnassingbé Eyadéma led a successful military coup d'état after which he became president. At the time of his death in 2005, Gnassingbé was the longest-serving leader in modern African history, after having been president for 38 years. In 2005, his son Faure Gnassingbé was elected president.   Togo is a tropical, sub-Saharan nation, whose economy depends highly on agriculture, with a climate that provides good growing seasons. While the official language is French, many other languages are spoken in Togo, particularly those of the Gbe family. The largest religious group in Togo consists of those with indigenous beliefs, and there are significant Christian and Muslim minorities. Togo is a member of the United Nations, African Union, Organisation of Islamic Cooperation, South Atlantic Peace and Cooperation Zone, La Francophonie and Economic Community of West African States.
Darek Fidyka, a 38-year-old Bulgarian, had been paralyzed from the chest down for four years after a knife attack. Scientists from Britain and Poland took cells from his nose, transplanted them into his back and re-grew his spinal cord . Now he can walk and even drive a car. The doctors were delighted but said it was the first step in a long journey.   The breakthrough came after 40 years of research by Professor Geoff Raisman, who found that cells had the possibility to repair damage to nasal nerves, the only part of the nervous system that constantly re-grows. "The idea was to take something from an area where the nervous system can repair itself and put it into an area that doesn't repair itself," Professor Raisman said.   Polish doctors injected the nasal cells into Mr Fidyka's spinal cord above the injury and used some nerves from his ankle to form a bridge across the damaged tissue. The nasal cells appear to have caused the spinal nerves to repair themselves.   Professor Raisman achieved this with rats in the late 1990's, but this is his greatest success. "I think the moment of discovery for me was Christmas in 1997 when I first saw a rat, which couldn't control its hand, put its hand out to me. That was an exciting moment, because I realized then that my belief that the nervous system could be repaired was true."   Doctors chose the easiest case for their first attempt--it might not work for others. But there is a real sense of hope that an idea once thought impossible has been realized.   David Nicholls, who helped provide money for the breakthrough, said information about the breakthrough would be made available to researchers across the globe.   "What you've got to understand is that for three million paralyzed people in the world today, the world looks a totally brighter place than it did yesterday," he said.
A conservative novelist in Saudi Arabia has triggered a firestorm on social media after one his tweets was misunderstood in Western media.   The translation snafu hinged on a subtle grammatical fine point, said Abdallah al-Dawood.   An article on the Financial Times online reported that he had called for women working as cashiers to be sexually harassed.   The story was picked up by several news outlets, including the BBC and the Huffington Post.   Even Arab media that reported on him used the erroneous Western translation. Al Arabiya, for example, cited the BBC story.   Al-Dawood sought to clarify his stance in interviews with journalists.   Speaking with Sabq, a Saudi daily, the hardliner vented his anger over the mistranslation of his message. No one had called or messaged him to confirm its meaning, he said.   By then it was too late.   It all began with a tweet on Sunday.   Women in Saudi Arabia have begun working in shops, triggering vitriol from religious conservatives.   Al-Dawood took to Twitter to express in his conservative criticism of women working as receptionists or cashiers to his 98,000 plus followers. He linked to an ultra-conservative academic study to support his view.   His tweet:   Getting lots of "interaction in the trending of #femalecashiers #harassfemalecashiers This a link to a master's degree thesis that considers the job of the female receptionist and cashier to be human trafficking."   The hash tag #harassfemalecashiers raised ire with some who took it as a command to 'harass female cashiers.' But in Arabic the wording can be understood two ways. Al-Dawood was using the phase to say: "They would harass female cashiers," he has said. 
Separation of powers is a political doctrine originating in the writings of Montesquieu in The Spirit of the Laws where he urged for a constitutional government with three separate branches of government. Each of the three branches would have defined abilities to check the powers of the other branches. This idea was called separation of powers. This philosophy heavily influenced the writing of the United States Constitution, according to which the Legislative, Executive, and Judicial branches of the United States government are kept distinct in order to prevent abuse of power. This United States form of separation of powers is associated with a system of checks and balances.   During the Age of Enlightenment, philosophers such as John Locke advocated the principle in their writings, whereas others, such as Thomas Hobbes, strongly opposed it. Montesquieu was one of the foremost supporters of separating the legislature, the executive, and the judiciary. His writings considerably influenced the opinions of the framers of the United States Constitution.
Circadian rhythms allow organisms to anticipate and prepare for precise and regular environmental changes. They thus enable organisms to best capitalize on environmental resources (e.g. light and food) compared to those that cannot predict such availability. It has therefore been suggested that circadian rhythms put organisms at a selective advantage in evolutionary terms. However, rhythmicity appears to be as important in regulating and coordinating internal metabolic processes, as in coordinating with the environment. This is suggested by the maintenance (heritability) of circadian rhythms in fruit flies after several hundred generations in constant laboratory conditions, as well as in creatures in constant darkness in the wild, and by the experimental elimination of behavioral, but not physiological, circadian rhythms in quail.   Norwegian researchers at the University of Tromsø have shown that some Arctic animals (ptarmigan, reindeer) show circadian rhythms only in the parts of the year that have daily sunrises and sunsets. In one study of reindeer, animals at 70 degrees North showed circadian rhythms in the autumn, winter and spring, but not in the summer. Reindeer on Svalbard at 78 degrees North showed such rhythms only in autumn and spring. The researchers suspect that other Arctic animals as well may not show circadian rhythms in the constant light of summer and the constant dark of winter.
Robert is eleven years old. He loves to watch TV. But for one full year, he did not watch TV at all. What was the reason? Robert's parents said they would give him $500 if he didn't watch TV for a year. Robert's parents thought he watched too much TV. One day his mother saw a newspaper story about a boy who didn't watch TV for a year. She showed the story to Robert. "It was a joke," his mother said, "I didn't think he would do it." But Robert liked the idea. He turned off the TV right away. He said, "It doesn't matter to me whether to watch TV or not. I just want the money." At first, Robert's parents were very happy. Robert read the newspaper, played outside, played computer games, and played cards with his mother. But after a while, he got bored. Every evening, he asked his parents, "What are we doing tonight?" Sometimes his mother and father wished he would watch TV, just for one evening. Robert always said, "No, it would cost me money!" Finally the year was over. Then Robert started watching his favourite TV shows all day long again. Robert got the money from his parents. What does he plan to do with the $500? "I want to buy myself a TV set!" he said.
Corky was a brave young man and he dreamed of becoming the best fighter in the world. To become stronger and get better fighting skills, he went to many schools. One day, he went to the best school in the world. Before entering the gate, he was made to hand in all his weapons . "You won't need those any more. Here you'll get better ones," said the guard. Corky handed his weapons to him. A serious old teacher took Corky to his room. Before he left, he said to Corky, "In a hundred days the training will start." A hundred days! At first Corky thought that was a joke, but he soon realized the old teacher had been serious. Corky felt nervous during the first days and he tried many ways to try to get the teacher to start the training. However, it didn't work. At last Corky waited patiently and enjoyed each day in the school. "You've already learned how to use your main weapon - patience," said the old teacher. Corky could hardly believe it, but he really understood that the teacher was right. Finally, the lesson began. "Now it's time to learn how to win every fight," said the old teacher. That sounded good to Corky until he found himself tied hand and foot. Many villagers tried to hit him because they were told that Corky was a dangerous man. The same thing was repeated for days, and Corky knew he had to do something. He realized that the only way would be to deal with the villagers' anger . In the following days, Corky kept talking to them until he managed to make them believe that he was not an enemy. In the end, the villagers made friends with Corky. Finally, Corky knew what the most powerful weapon was. He said thanks to the teacher and left.
Our village carpenter , John Hill, came one day and made a dining table for my wife. He made it just the right size to fill the space between the two windows. When I got home that evening, John was drinking a cup of tea and writing out his bill for the job.   My wife said to me quietly, "It's his ninth cup of tea today." But she said in a loud voice, "It is a beautiful table, dear, isn't it?"   "I will decide about that when I see the bill, " I read:   One dining table, 10 November, 1989.   Cost of wood: $17.00   Paint: $1.50   Work: 8 hours ($1 an hour) $8.00   Total: $36.50   When I was looking at the bill, John said, "It's been a fine day, hasn't it? Quite sunny." "Yes," I said, "I'm glad it is only the 10thof November."   "Me, too," said John. "You wait. It'll be a lot colder by the end of the month."   "Yes, colder.... And more expensive! Dining tables will be $20 more expensive on November 30th, won't they, John?" John looked hard at me for half a minute. Was there a little smile in his two blue eyes? I gave his bill back to him.   "If it isn't too much trouble, John," I said, "Please add it up again and you can forget the date."   I paid him $26.50and he was happy to get it.
I'm Tom. My best friends are John and Ann. We do many things together. John lives near my house and we are in the same class. He's fifteen years old and he's tall and slim. He has blond hair and blue eyes. He's polite and very clever. He's very good at math and he sometimes helps me with my homework. He usually wears jeans and a T-shirt. We also play basketball at a nearby park together and sometimes we play video games at my house after school. Our friend Ann isn't in our school. She's short and slim with straight brown hair and brown eyes. She's a little bit shy. We all have kung fu lesson every Tuesday and Friday afternoon. Ann is really good at kung fu. We call her the "kung fu kid". She sometimes plays basketball with us, too. She often wears a dress, a T-shirt and a baseball cap. The three of us have great fun together.
Telecommuncations in the United Kingdom have evolved from the early days of the telegraph to modern broadband and mobile phone networks with Internet services.   National Telephone Company (NTC) was a British telephone company from 1881 until 1911 which brought together smaller local companies in the early years of the telephone. Under the Telephone Transfer Act 1911 it was taken over by the General Post Office (GPO) in 1912.   Until 1982, the main civil telecommunications system in the UK was a state monopoly known (since reorganisation in 1969) as Post Office Telecommunications. Broadcasting of radio and television was a duopoly of the BBC and Independent Broadcasting Authority (IBA): these two organisations controlled all broadcast services, and directly owned and operated the broadcast transmitter sites. Mobile phone and Internet services did not then exist. The civil telecoms monopoly ended when Mercury Communications arrived in 1983. The Post Office system evolved into British Telecom and was privatised in 1984. Broadcast transmitters, which belonged to the BBC and IBA, were privatised during the 1990s and now belong to Babcock International and Arqiva.   British Rail Telecommunications was created in 1992 by British Rail (BR). It was the largest private telecoms network in Britain, consisting of 17,000 route kilometres of fibre optic and copper cable which connected every major city and town in the country and provided links to continental Europe through the Channel Tunnel. BR also operated its own national trunked radio network providing dedicated train-to-shore mobile communications, and in the early 1980s BR helped establish Mercury Communications’, now C&WC, core infrastructure by laying a resilient ‘figure-of-eight’ fibre optic network alongside Britain’s railway lines, spanning London, Bristol, Birmingham, Leeds and Manchester.
Among a group of middle-aged men and women,who were discussing bringing about quality education ,was a young man dressed in a white shirt.Within minutes, he was called onto the dais .Twenty-two-year-old Babar Ali was surrounded by educators from across India.He was popularly known as the world's youngest head teacher.   The school that Babar started in poor Bhabta village has completely changed.When he was nine years old, he had only eight students in his school.Now the school has 300 students and 10 teachers. The school is called Ananda Siksha Niketan. It is recognized by the West Bengal government.   Today Babar is a student in the morning.He is learning English literature at Berhampore Krishanath College.But he comes home in the afternoon to teach his students.   Baber was discussing education at the National Summit on Quality in Education(NSQE).The meeting was held in Bangalore,capital of Karnataka State in southern India.   "It all started as a game when I used to teach my sister, my first student, in my backyard.Later, some children from the village often came to my classes and that was how the school was born," he said.   His biggest achievement is that six of his students have now started teaching in his school after their college hours.   In another month, Babar's dream of a school building will soon come true.Many people, a large part of whom are from Karnataka,have helped him realize the dream.They have given his school a lot of money.   Although he has received so much attention and recognition ,he is still not _ ."There are people in my village who do not go to schoo1.And there is a long way to go as so many children still need to receive an education,"he says.
Turkish people (), or the Turks (), also known as Anatolian Turks (), are a Turkic ethnic group and nation living mainly in Turkey and speaking Turkish, the most widely spoken Turkic language. They are the largest ethnic group in Turkey, as well as by far the largest ethnic group among the speakers of Turkic languages. Ethnic Turkish minorities exist in the former lands of the Ottoman Empire. In addition, a Turkish diaspora has been established with modern migration, particularly in Western Europe.   The ethnonym "Turk" may be first discerned in Herodotus' (c. 484–425 BC) reference to Targitas, first king of the Scythians; furthermore, during the first century AD., Pomponius Mela refers to the "Turcae" in the forests north of the Sea of Azov, and Pliny the Elder lists the "Tyrcae" among the people of the same area. The first definite references to the "Turks" come mainly from Chinese sources in the sixth century. In these sources, "Turk" appears as "Tujue" (), which referred to the Göktürks. Although "Turk" refers to Turkish people, it may also sometimes refer to the wider language group of Turkic peoples.   In the 19th century, the word "Türk" only referred to Anatolian villagers. The Ottoman ruling class identified themselves as Ottomans, not usually as Turks. In the late 19th century, as the Ottoman upper classes adopted European ideas of nationalism the term "Türk" took on a much more positive connotation. The Turkish-speakers of Anatolia were the most loyal supporters of Ottoman rule.
Michigan authorities are pursuing a new lead in the case of the infamous Oakland County child killer who abducted and murdered at least four boys and girls in the 1970s.   "We would be thrilled if this is the one piece of evidence that we are looking for to give closure to the families, but we want to do our due diligence" said Michigan State Police Lt. Michael Shaw.   Parts of a blue AMC Gremlin with a white stripe were unearthed at a construction site in Grand Blanc Township on Monday. The car matches the description of a vehicle seen near the scene of one of the kidnappings.   New DNA work may offer break in slayings   "We received an anonymous tip of car parts recovered in the excavation of a new homes subdivision," Shaw told CNN. "There was that blue colored Gremlin with the white stripe down the side of it. We sent out our crime lab from Bridgeport to investigate and see what the situation was.   "Right now we are continuing to excavate the site to see if there is any more evidence we can locate," Shaw said.   The Oakland County Child Killer Task Force was also notified, Shaw added.   The search for the serial killer has lasted for more than 36 years. Police agencies have pursued some 20,000 tips in the hunt for the perpetrator of the unsolved murders, which took place over a 13-month period between 1976 and 1977.   Mark Stebbins was 12 when he was abducted in Ferndale on February 15, 1976. His body was found nearly a year later. Jill Robinson was also 12 when she was kidnapped on December 22, 1976. Her body was found four days later. Kristin Mihelich was 10 when she disappeared in Berkley on January 2, 1977, and her body was found later that month. Timothy King was 11 when he vanished in Birmingham on March 16, 1977. His body was found one week later. 
One day, Harry bought a pet hamster name Tom. Tom was round and furry and had a funny smell. Harry loved it when Tom would climb up his arm and into his shirt sleeve. Every day before bed Harry would put Tom into his cage and every morning Harry would take Tom out of his cage and carry him around in his front shirt pocket during the day. Harry would carry Tom everywhere he went. Harry's favorite thing to do was to watch Tom run around in his exercise wheel.   Then one day Harry woke and to find that Tom was not in his cage. Tom had gone missing! This made Harry very upset. He looked everywhere for Tom, wondering where he could have disappeared to. Harry called his friends John, Rodney, and Bruno to ask if they knew where Tom was. They said that they didn't know. So Tom asked them if they would help him look for Tom. Only John and Bruno said "yes". to help Harry. After looking for Tom for two hours Bruno found Tom inside an old sock behind Harry's desk. No one knew how he got there.
The (Latin for "British Encyclopaedia"), published by Encyclopædia Britannica, Inc., is a general knowledge English-language encyclopaedia. It is written by about 100 full-time editors and more than 4,000 contributors, who have included 110 Nobel Prize winners and five American presidents. The 2010 version of the 15th edition, which spans 32 volumes and 32,640 pages, was the last printed edition; digital content and distribution has continued since then.   The "Britannica" is the oldest English-language encyclopaedia still in production. It was first published between 1768 and 1771 in the Scottish capital of Edinburgh, as three volumes. The encyclopaedia grew in size: the second edition was 10 volumes, and by its fourth edition (1801–1810) it had expanded to 20 volumes. Its rising stature as a scholarly work helped recruit eminent contributors, and the 9th (1875–1889) and 11th editions (1911) are landmark encyclopaedias for scholarship and literary style. Beginning with the 11th edition and following its acquisition by an American firm, the "Britannica" shortened and simplified articles to broaden its appeal to the North American market. In 1933, the "Britannica" became the first encyclopaedia to adopt "continuous revision", in which the encyclopaedia is continually reprinted, with every article updated on a schedule. In March 2012, Encyclopædia Britannica, Inc. announced it would no longer publish printed editions, and would focus instead on "Encyclopædia Britannica Online".
That median is the value separating the higher half of a data sample, a population, or a probability distribution, from the lower half. For a data set, it may be thought of as the "middle" value. For example, in the data set {1, 3, 3, 6, 7, 8, 9}, the median is 6, the fourth largest, and also the fourth smallest, number in the sample. For a continuous probability distribution, the median is the value such that a number is equally likely to fall above or below it.   The median is a commonly used measure of the properties of a data set in statistics and probability theory. The basic advantage of the median in describing data compared to the mean (often simply described as the "average") is that it is not skewed so much by extremely large or small values, and so it may give a better idea of a "typical" value. For example, in understanding statistics like household income or assets which vary greatly, a mean may be skewed by a small number of extremely high or low values. Median income, for example, may be a better way to suggest what a "typical" income is.   Because of this, the median is of central importance in robust statistics, as it is the most resistant statistic, having a breakdown point of 50%: so long as no more than half the data are contaminated, the median will not give an arbitrarily large or small result.
Bill Gates is putting out a call to inventors, but he's not looking for software, or the latest high-tech gadget. This time he's in search of a better condom.   On its Grand Challenges website, the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation is offering a $100,000 startup grant to the person who designs "the next generation condom that significantly preserves or enhances pleasure" and promotes "regular use."   It may sound like the setup for a joke, but the goal is deadly serious. While researchers call condoms one of the best ways to stop the spread of HIV, the virus that causes AIDS, getting people to use them is another story.   The foundation wants to see something that will lead men and women outside of a committed relationship to stop and think twice before having unprotected sex. The startup grant could lead to $1 million in further funding.   "Male condoms are cheap, easy to manufacture, easy to distribute, and available globally, including in resource-poor settings, through numerous well-developed distribution channels," the foundation says. Nevertheless, many people are reluctant to use them because they complain that prophylactics interfere with pleasure and intimacy. This creates "a trade-off that many men find unacceptable," the foundation notes.   Contraception, by the numbers   In some places and cultures, condom use is often seen as a sign that a man has AIDS, and many women won't sleep with such men. Female condoms are even more difficult to use and women are often afraid to suggest using them.   "Any advance or new design that gets people to use condoms would be a big plus," Dr. Anthony Fauci, head of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases and one of the world's leading AIDS researchers, said in an interview with CNN. He says great strides have been made in treating HIV infection in Africa, but for every person who is treated two more become newly infected. 
Overprotective sister? Underprotective husband?   No one knows what was said amongst Solange Knowles, Jay Z and Beyonce in that elevator in the Standard Hotel in Manhattan or even what led up to the video that appears to show Solange kicking and hitting her brother-in-law.   But here is what we do know: the Internet is on fire with theories.   Earlier this week, an elevator surveillance video surfaced that showed Solange appearing to berate Jay Z before she becomes physical. Her sister, Beyonce, is present and witnesses the attack.   The incident has inspired a hashtag, #WhatJaySaidToSolange, countless memes and tons of speculation.   Quoting an anonymous source, Us Weekly reported that Solange Knowles had an earlier run-in with designer Rachel Roy. (Roy is the ex-wife of Damon Dash, Jay Z's former friend and business partner.)   The New York Daily News, also using an unnamed source, took it one step further. In addition to the alleged argument with Roy, the paper threw in Jay Z's supposed desire to head solo to a party being given by Rihanna. This, according to the Daily News, did not sit well with Beyonce's younger sister.   Talk show host Wendy Williams also offered her own observations, including what appears to be the removal of a tattoo on Beyonce's finger of the roman numeral "IV." It was reportedly her wedding ring tattoo, meant to symbolize both her wedding date (April 4) as well as her and Jay Z's birthdays (September 4 and December 4, respectively).   So far, some of the principal characters seem to be letting Instagram speak for them. Beyonce has posted happy pictures of her and her sister, while Solange participated in "Throwback Thursday" with a picture of the two siblings as kids. 
Presumptive Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney used an event at the USS Wisconsin in Norfolk, Virginia, Saturday to announce Rep. Paul Ryan, R-Wisconsin, as his vice presidential pick. Romney's choice of Ryan is considered by political observers to be a bold, risky move that could potentially change the dynamic of the Oval Office race.   CNN Exclusive: How Romney chose his running mate   By the numbers, here's a look at Paul Ryan:   28 - Ryan's age when he was first elected to Congress, in 1998.   3 - Children with his wife, Janna - Liza, Charlie and Sam.   Polls: Paul Who?   104 - Times Paul Ryan's Wikipedia entry has been updated so far today, since Ryan was announced as Mitt Romney's running mate.   Ryan's selection energizes both sides   $5 trillion - Proposed spending cuts over the next decade in Ryan's 2013 budget proposal, "The Path to Prosperity," relative to President Obama's budget.   Paul Ryan, top GOP voice on fiscal matters   25% - The corporate tax rate under Ryan's budget plan.   2 - Number of proposed federal income tax brackets, 10% and 25%, under Ryan's plan.   6 - Number of current federal income tax brackets.   Romney camp prepares Medicare defense after Ryan pick   173,783 - Followers for Ryan's preexisting Twitter account @RepPaulRyan.   57, 744 - Followers for Ryan's new campaign-related Twitter account @PaulRyanVP that was launched today.   153,000 -"Likes" for Ryan's pre-existing Facebook page.   64,000 - "Likes" for Ryan's new campaign-related Facebook page launched today.   6 - Number of days a week you have to work out on the P90X exercise regimen. Ryan is a big fan of the regimen. 
Milwaukee is the largest city in the state of Wisconsin and the fifth-largest city in the Midwestern United States. The county seat of Milwaukee County, it is on Lake Michigan's western shore. Ranked by estimated 2014 population, Milwaukee was the 31st largest city in the United States. The city's estimated population in 2015 was 600,155. Milwaukee is the main cultural and economic center of the Milwaukee metropolitan area. It is also part of the larger Milwaukee-Racine-Waukesha combined statistical area, which had an estimated population of 2,026,243 in the 2010 census.   The first Europeans to pass through the area were French Catholic missionaries and fur traders. In 1818, the French Canadian explorer Solomon Juneau settled in the area, and in 1846, Juneau's town combined with two neighboring towns to incorporate as the city of Milwaukee. Large numbers of German immigrants helped increase the city's population during the 1840s, with Poles and other immigrants arriving in the following decades.   Milwaukee is known for its brewing traditions. The city is experiencing its largest construction boom since the 1960s. Major new additions to the city in the past two decades include the Milwaukee Riverwalk, the Wisconsin Center, Miller Park, an expansion to the Milwaukee Art Museum, Milwaukee Repertory Theater, and Pier Wisconsin, as well as major renovations to the UW–Milwaukee Panther Arena. The under-construction Wisconsin Entertainment and Sports Center is scheduled to open in 2018.
The Ford Motor Company (commonly referred to simply as "Ford") is an American multinational automaker headquartered in Dearborn, Michigan, a suburb of Detroit. It was founded by Henry Ford and incorporated on June 16, 1903. The company sells automobiles and commercial vehicles under the Ford brand and most luxury cars under the Lincoln brand. Ford also owns Brazilian SUV manufacturer, Troller, and Australian performance car manufacturer FPV. In the past, it has also produced tractors and automotive components. Ford owns an 8% stake in Aston Martin of the United Kingdom, and a 49% stake in Jiangling of China. It also has a number of joint-ventures, one in China (Changan Ford), one in Taiwan (Ford Lio Ho), one in Thailand (AutoAlliance Thailand), one in Turkey (Ford Otosan), and one in Russia (Ford Sollers). It is listed on the New York Stock Exchange and is controlled by the Ford family, although they have minority ownership (but majority of the voting power).   Ford introduced methods for large-scale manufacturing of cars and large-scale management of an industrial workforce using elaborately engineered manufacturing sequences typified by moving assembly lines; by 1914, these methods were known around the world as Fordism. Ford's former UK subsidiaries Jaguar and Land Rover, acquired in 1989 and 2000 respectively, were sold to Tata Motors in March 2008. Ford owned the Swedish automaker Volvo from 1999 to 2010. In 2011, Ford discontinued the Mercury brand, under which it had marketed entry-level luxury cars in the United States, Canada, Mexico, and the Middle East since 1938.
Jake liked his old sneakers but they were getting too small. He tried on sixteen different pairs of shoes at the mall with his mom. He was looking for green shoes with blue laces. He couldn't find any he liked and left sad. His mom wanted to cheer him up. They stopped for lunch at a restaurant drive-thru. "What do you want to order?" asked Jake's Mom as she got a cheeseburger and a large drink. He ordered a hamburger. While they ate, Jake and his mom talked about different shoes Jake might try on next. He didn't want to go back to the store, but he really wanted green shoes. He ate some of her fries as he thought about it. Suddenly, his mom had a great idea. They would paint a pair of new shoes green! Jake loved that idea. So they went to the Art Store and bought green paint. They went back to the mall and bought new blue shoelaces and white sneakers. Jake was so excited about his shoes that he painted them as soon as he got home. Afterwards, he walked around the house in his new shoes dripping green paint.
The one-eyed jihadist commander known as "Mr. Marlboro" is back in action.   Moktar Belmoktar, whose group was responsible for the deadly attack on the BP oil facility in southern Algeria last January, appears in a new video released by his group -- the al-Mulathameen Brigade, which translates as the "Signatories in Blood Brigade."   More than 30 foreign workers at the In Amenas facility in Algeria were killed during a three-day occupation of the plant.   Belmokhtar is an Algerian but was more recently based in northern Mali, where he had combined kidnapping and smuggling (hence the nickname) with audacious terror attacks. He got his nickname for smuggling cigarettes across borders.   Thought to be about 40, Belmokhtar was rumored to have been killed or wounded in March during the French military intervention in Mali. But in the new 51-minute video he is shown training fighters and paying tribute to another jihadist commander who was killed earlier this year.   Belmoktar shows no sign of having been wounded.   The video shows a group of jihadists preparing for two deadly raids in neighboring Niger in May, which targeted a French-owned uranium mine and a Nigerien military academy.   "My brothers, all you should do is strive and make efforts with all determination and power to bring down their sites and harm their troops," Belmoktar says before embracing the group. At one point, he appears to be instructing recruits in using a rocket-propelled grenade.   The government of Niger sent troops to join the French-led operation in Mali. 
West Virginia is a state located in the Appalachian region of the Southern United States. It is bordered by Virginia to the southeast, Kentucky to the southwest, Ohio to the northwest, Pennsylvania to the north (and, slightly, east), and Maryland to the northeast. West Virginia is the 10th smallest by area, is ranked 38th in population, and has the second lowest household income of the 50 United States. The capital and largest city is Charleston.   West Virginia became a state following the Wheeling Conventions of 1861, after the American Civil War had begun. Delegates from some Unionist counties of northwestern Virginia decided to break away from Virginia, although they included many secessionist counties in the new state. West Virginia was admitted to the Union on June 20, 1863, and was a key border state during the war. West Virginia was the only state to form by separating from a Confederate state, the first to separate from any state since Maine separated from Massachusetts, and was one of two states admitted to the Union during the American Civil War (the other being Nevada). While a portion of its residents held slaves, most of the residents were yeomen farmers, and the delegates provided for gradual abolition of slavery in the new state constitution.
In the history of organized athletics, there has never been a person who needs to come back again less than Michael Phelps.   Yes, you have read that correctly. I am urging the greatest swimmer in all of sports to keep his word, forget about Rio in 2016 and retire. To go away. To vanish. To ignore his mother and his sisters and Matt Lauer and Mark Spitz and Rowdy Gaines and to once and for all hang up his goggles and Speedos.   Go. Scram. Buzz off.   Because athletics enthusiasts are a peculiar people (aka: crazy), we always beg our heroes to stick around longer than they should. It's the reason a portly, 40-year-old Ken Griffey Jr. hit .184 in Seattle in 2010 and the reason Bjorn Borg stepped back onto the tennis court in 1991 (wood racket in hand) -- only to win nary a single match. It's the reason our final snapshot of Sugar Ray Leonard is an embarrassing stoppage against Hector Camacho and the reason Jim Palmer arrived at spring training with Baltimore in 1991 throwing big, fat, Little League meatballs.   Why, it's even the reason a 41-year-old Spitz, Phelps' predecessor as our own personal Aquaman, jumped back into the pool to qualify for the 1992 Games in Barcelona. He, of course, failed -- by a whopping two seconds.   News: Olympic legend Phelps: 'I'm done with swimming'   We convince these men and women that they can still do it, that it's worth one more shot, that age is just a number, that legend is a gift of the gods, and to not use it is shameful. (Gaines, the former Olympic swimmer who now works as an NBC commentator, recently said he believes Phelps will likely come back because "he'll be able to walk through airports in a couple years and not be mobbed. He'll miss that." There is a word for this line of thinking: sad.) 
Since 1989, Dave Thomas, who died at the age of 69, was one of the most recognizable faces on TV. He appeared in more than 800 commercials for the hamburger chain named for his daughter. "As long as it works", he said in 1991, "I'll continue to do those commercials."   Even though he was successful, Thomas remained troubled by his childhood. "He still won't let anyone see his feet, which are out of shape because he never had proper fitting shoes," Wendy said in 1993. Born to a single mother, he was adopted as a baby by Rex and Auleva Thomas of Kalamazoo in Michigan. After Auleva died when he was 5, Thomas spent years on the road as Rex traveled around seeking construction work. "He fed me," Thomas said, "and if I got out of line, he'd beat me."   Moving out on his own at 15, Thomas worked, first as a waiter, in many restaurants. But he had something much better in mind. "I thought if I owned a restaurant," he said, "I could eat for free." A 1956 meeting with Harland Sanders led Thomas to a career as the manager of a Kentucky Chicken restaurant that made him a millionaire in 1968.   In 1969, after breaking with Sanders, Thomas started the first Wendy's Old Fashioned Hamburgers, in Columbus, Ohio, which set itself apart by serving made-to-order burgers. With 6,000 restaurants worldwide, the chain now makes $ 6 billion a year in sales.   Although troubled by his own experience with adoption, Thomas, married since 1954 to Lorraine, 66, and with four grown kids besides Wendy, felt it could offer a future for other children. He started the Dave Thomas Foundation for Adoption in 1992.   In 1993, Thomas, who had left school at 15, graduated from Coconut Creek High School in Florida. He even took Lorraine to the graduation dance party. The kids voted him Most Likely to Succeed.   "The Dave you saw on TV was the real Dave," says friend Pat Williams. "He wasn't a great actor or a great speaker . _ ."
The seasons in Australia are not like ours. When it is winter in China, it is summer there. Australia is a southern country. It is in the south of the world. June, July and August are the winter months; September, October and November are spring; the summer is in December, January and February; and March, April and May are the autumn months. The north of the country is hotter than the south. A very large part of this country has no rain at all. The east coast has rain all year, and there are no dry months. The southeast winds blow the whole year. They bring rain from the sea. There is not much rain on the west side. The southeastern part of Australia has summer rain from the southeast winds. They only blow here in summer. The southwestern part of Australia has winter rain. The west winds blow over the southwest in winter only. In summer, the southwest of the country has no rain. In the north of Australia, there is no rain in winter. The rain comes in summer. The northwest winds bring it.
John thought about things that he liked to do.   Well, for one, he liked baseball. Compared to his friends, he was very good at the sport. He didn't even have to practice that much. He remembered that he once hit the ball so hard that it flew out of the park. Home run!   He was also a fan of basketball. He enjoyed watching people on television pull off crazy tricks like slam dunking (but he didn't really like all of the passes). He wasn't quite that good yet, but he was pretty good at making shots from the three point line. He knew that if he kept practicing, he would be really great someday.   Finally, he loved football. Unlike baseball and basketball, he didn't play football himself, but he was drawn to the games. He got a kick out of sitting in the stands, cheering on his team and friends. He once cheered so loud that he could barely speak at all for the rest of the day.
A thin girl with caramel skin and a yellow silk blouse walks alone through a barren landscape of rubble.   Nway prepares for her new job, selling vegetables from her aunt's garden.   Her legs are marked by cuts. Her face is smeared with white streaks of powder. And her eyes are blank as she sifts through the debris of what used to be her home before Cyclone Nargis slammed into Myanmar one night and swept her parents away.   Her name is Nway, and that's how she looked when aid workers found her after Nargis destroyed her isolated village. She refused to talk about the cyclone, pretending it never took place. She became, according to a CNN story, the "girl who refuses to remember."   A year later, an aid worker returned to the village to see how Nway was doing. She found Nway living in a tidy, bamboo house flanked by palm trees. The 8-year-old greeted her visitor with a big smile. Then she asked whether she could play with her visitor's hair.   Pam Sitko, the aid worker, said Nway -- like thousands of people in Myanmar -- is slowly recovering one year after Nargis demolished their country.   "After all of her pain and loss, she really is a spunky girl," said Sitko, who works with World Vision International, a humanitarian group. "She wasn't shy about reaching out to touch my blonde hair."   The night everything changed   Nway's resilience is shared by many in Myanmar, aid workers say.   Last year's cyclone was catastrophic. It killed at least 140,000 people and left at least 2 million people without homes, according to the United Nations World Food Programme. 
Gen. Joshua Lawrence Chamberlain, a bespectacled college professor turned soldier in the defense of the Union, often returned to Gettysburg, that legendary battlefield where on a grim and terrible July day in 1863, Chamberlain and his regiment, the 20th Maine, held the extreme left flank of the Union army against an attack by near overwhelming odds, launched by equally gallant troops from Alabama.   Chamberlain's regiment held the line. As the years passed, the Medal of Honor recipient would go back to Gettysburg with comrades to contemplate and to pray. He came to call that hallowed ground the "Vision Place of Souls." He wrote that where great deeds were accomplished, a "spirit" of greatness lingered.   What would he and his comrades, and those who faced them beneath that hot July sun say to us today? For our "Vision Place of Souls," are now off limits, forbidden lands, "Verboten" to all. What would they say to us?   In what is described as a government shutdown, the Beltway around Washington is still jammed with the commuters to federal offices, White House and congressional staffers continue to work, but by a highly selective process, our national memorials to the living and fallen who served in World War II, Korea and Vietnam are closed.   Few veterans have the means to travel to remote islands of the Pacific, the beaches of Normandy, the woods of the Hurtgen and Bastogne to visit but one more time their "Vision Place," where with family and comrades they can say, "Here I fought," or say, "Here is where my friend Charlie -- remember my telling you about him? -- here is where he died." For them, the monuments have become their 'Vision Place," their gathering place, the place of remembrance, of pride, and of tears. 
A naughty boy was sitting in math class on Tuesday. There was a broken sink in the back of the room full of water. There was also a kitty on the open window. A loud plane was flying outside and scared the kitty inside. The naughty boy walked up to the kitty and picked it up. What do you think he did next? He threw the kitty into the water in the sink! The kitty didn't last long and ran away from the sink faster than lightning! The other children laughed and laughed, but the teacher didn't think it was funny. She didn't let the naughty boy play on the playground for a week! But the boy didn't care. The class thought he was funny, and so did he. But he would have to get smarter because the sink was fixed soon. The naughty boy thought the teacher was a witch who used a magic kiss to fix it. He had no idea that her husband fixed it the next day.
An Arizona couple who wanted to adopt a woman's baby know more than they're saying about the 8-month-old boy's disappearance, police say.   Gabriel Johnson hasn't been seen since December 26, police said, and his mother was arrested last week in Miami Beach, Florida, after not reporting for a December 28 child custody hearing in Arizona.   "We have some good indications at this point with our investigation that Tammi and Jack Smith do know more information than they have provided to us that could possibly lead us to Gabriel," Sgt. Steve Carbajal, spokesman for the Tempe (Arizona) Police Department, told HLN's Nancy Grace on Thursday.   For their part, the Smiths told HLN's Jean Casarez on "Nancy Grace" that they voluntarily took polygraph tests Friday at the Tempe Police Department.   "The polygraph test is not like what you see on TV," Jack Smith said. "It's almost like being strapped into the electric chair, so it's very intensive. And we were very happy to do it."   The Smiths have said they met Elizabeth Johnson, 23, seven months ago during a long layover at an airport, and later the three discussed a plan to adopt Johnson's child, Gabriel.   But the boy's father, Logan McQueary, has legal custody and has said Elizabeth Johnson urged him to sign papers giving the Smiths custody of the boy, but he refused.   "She didn't want Logan to have the baby, and we couldn't adopt the baby because Logan wouldn't sign the papers," Tammi Smith said on "Nancy Grace." 
When Mark first arrived in Thailand, he saw an old man selling something cheap in the street of Chiang Mai. The old man was one of the poor people in Chiang Mai and there was no difference from beggars . Most of them were some lonely old people. Their life had no support. Mark was a kind man, so he gave some changes to him without thinking. The old man told him to pick something he liked. Mark didn't choose anything and left. But the old man followed him closely. AT first, Mark didn't think a lot, just supposing he wanted to go home. But when he went out very far saw the old man still following him, he was a bit tired, thinking the old man must feel he was kind and wanted to beg more money from him. Mark turned back and told him not to follow him because he hadn't much money. But the old man seemed not to understand what he meant, still following him. The bag on his back made him sweat all over. Mark happened to meet his Thai colleague in the street and his colleague heard this. The colleague turned to ask why the old man was following his friend. The old man said out of breath, "My son, you gave me money, but didn't want my things, so I have to give you something. I see you are a foreigner, likely not to familiar with here. I just want to follow you and show you the way. All I can do for you is this." Mark was shocked. He said he didn't know why, when he felt the old man was just like his father.
One day John and Sally's mother made up her mind to bake a very special cake for her son and daughter, but she didn't have the ingredients. She told John and Sally to go to the grocer's to buy the things she would need.   "I'll need some popcorn, a pea, some melon balls, and a cup of yogurt. I'm going to make a very special cake today," she said.   "Wow, that sounds horrible," said John.   "Yeah, we'd rather watch TV and eat potato chips," said Sally.   "Don't talk back, kids. Do what I said and head into town. It's a beautiful day. Go the long way and follow the river until you get there. Don't take the short way through the forest. A lion has escaped from the zoo. He might be hiding in the forest."   So John and Sally started the walk into town, but because they were disobedient children, they didn't follow the river like their mother told them. Instead they took the short way through the forest.   "I'm not afraid of a lion in the forest," said John. "Besides, I think mom has been eating too many melon balls and is letting her imagination get away from her again. If there were a lion in the forest, we would know about it."   So they wandered along the forest path, jumping in mud puddles and throwing sticks at one another. But as soon as John and Sally were in the darkest part of the forest, they heard a terrible roar. It was the lion! Horrified, they ran for their lives out of the forest, all the way back home.   "We're sorry!" they both said to their mother. "We'll never be disobedient again!"   And from that day forward, whenever their mother told them to do something, they did it right away like they were told.
Mark your calendars: The midterm elections aren't yet decided, but there's already a date scheduled for a 2016 presidential debate.   With slightly more than two years until a new president is chosen, The Ronald Reagan Presidential Foundation announced Thursday its plans to host a televised debate for Republican primary candidates on Sept. 16, 2015 at the Reagan Library in California.   "Ronnie would be so pleased to know that his presidential library continues to attract America's leaders to discuss the future of the country he loved so dearly," former First Lady Nancy Reagan said in a release from the Reagan Foundation, an organization geared toward promoting the GOP icon's national legacy. "I can't think of a better way to honor my husband than to keep the tradition of Reagan Library-hosted debates alive."   But don't get too excited for a heated GOP faceoff: New rules from the Republican National Committee plan to limit the number of primary debates in the upcoming presidential contest after a series of contentious debates rattled the party leading up to 2012.   In a statement, the RNC's Sean Spicer said the list of sanctioned debates will be announced later in the year.   "We are focused on Tuesday's election," he said.   Although no Republicans have officially announced a 2016 White House bid, many potential contenders have made themselves known in recent months by stumping for midterm candidates.   New Jersey Governor Chris Christie, for example, has made four trips to Iowa in recent months to support GOP candidates there. And Republican U.S. Senator Rand Paul recorded robocalls for a Florida Republican in a tight race to maintain his House seat. 
In signal processing, data compression, source coding, or bit-rate reduction involves encoding information using fewer bits than the original representation. Compression can be either lossy or lossless. Lossless compression reduces bits by identifying and eliminating statistical redundancy. No information is lost in lossless compression. Lossy compression reduces bits by identifying unnecessary information and removing it. The process of reducing the size of a data file is referred to as data compression. In the context of data transmission, it is called source coding (encoding done at the source of the data before it is stored or transmitted) in opposition to channel coding.   Compression is useful because it helps reduce resource usage, such as data storage space or transmission capacity. Because compressed data must be decompressed to use, this extra processing imposes computational or other costs through decompression; this situation is far from being a free lunch. Data compression is subject to a space–time complexity trade-off. For instance, a compression scheme for video may require expensive hardware for the video to be decompressed fast enough to be viewed as it is being decompressed, and the option to decompress the video in full before watching it may be inconvenient or require additional storage. The design of data compression schemes involves trade-offs among various factors, including the degree of compression, the amount of distortion introduced (when using lossy data compression), and the computational resources required to compress and decompress the data.
An inventor seeks to create a new product that serves a specific need and fulfills a role that other products do not. Sometimes an inventor comes up with a wholly new idea, but more often inventions are simply improvements on an older design. With a little imagination and creativity , an old idea can suddenly become something new.   However, creating a new invention means much more than having a brilliant idea. A good designer follows the design process: identifying the challenge, researching and brainstorming ideas , designing a solution, testing and evaluating the ideas, and finally building the product. Designers also use science, math, technology, and engineering to design a tool that satisfies the need they identified.   Anyone can be an inventor --even kids! For example, Chester Greenwood was just fifteen years old when he invented a product that changed his life. In fact, his idea was so good that his invention supported him for the rest of his life. You may not know his name, but you probably know his invention --earmuffs !   The inspiration for his earmuff design came to Chester when he was ice-skating. His ears were cold, and he decided to find a way to keep them warm. With the help of his grandmother, he made a new product to protect his ears and at the age of eighteen, Chester patented his earmuff design.   Many other famous inventors started young as well. Margaret Knight --the inventor of the flat-bottomed brown paper bag --is said to have created a safety device for textile looms when she was just twelve years old. Another example is Thomas Edison, one of the greatest inventors in history, who applied for his first patent when he was just twenty-one years old. Over the course of his life, Thomas Edison patented a total of 1,093 inventions!
Annie's sister, Julia, was having a birthday party in the afternoon. Annie's mother was going to bake the cake for the party. Mother asked Annie to help her bake the cake. They chose to make a chocolate cake with chocolate frosting. Annie got the bowls and the ingredients they would need for the cake. She helped measure the flour, the sugar and the cocoa. Once her mother added the rest of the ingredients, Annie was allowed to stir the ingredients in the bowl. She helped to pour the cake mix into two pans and then put them in the oven. The smell of the cake made Annie hungry. While the cake was baking, Annie helped her mother make the chocolate frosting. Her mother let her lick the spoon when they were done mixing the frosting. Once the cake was done, Annie and her mother took the cake out of the oven and let it cool, and then they frosted it. They ate the chocolate cake at Julia's party with scoops of vanilla ice cream and fresh strawberries. Annie gave their dog, Sunny, a little piece of cake too!
The stars of tennis took time out from their French Open preparations Sunday to honor the man who helped them become some of the highest-paid athletes in the world.   Brad Drewett passed away Friday, aged 54, succumbing to the motor neurone disease that had forced him to step down as head of the men's ATP World Tour.   Novak Djokovic, Roger Federer, Rafael Nadal, Andy Murray and Serena Williams led a minute's silence ahead of the start of the Madrid Masters, while similar tributes were held at tournaments in Portugal and Germany.   "Brad wasn't just the president of the ATP but was a player himself, a board member," Federer said on the ATP website.   "He's given so much time and effort to the ATP, and I think this is really what we will try to honor in a small way today."   Drewett reached a career-high 34 in the world rankings, but his efforts in administration had far bigger impact on the game, from his time on the players' council to running the ATP's Middle East, Asia and Pacific operations before becoming president in early 2012.   The Australian took the end-of-season championship to China as part of tennis' global spread in the early 2000s, and then brought it to London where it has become a lucrative moneyspinner and showpiece for the ATP.   He has also been credited with getting the players a larger share of prize money from the four grand slam tournaments since he took over the top role a year and half ago. 
The White House is the official residence and workplace of the President of the United States. It is located at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue NW in Washington, D.C., and has been the residence of every U.S. president since John Adams in 1800. The term "White House" is often used as a metonym for the president and his advisers, as in "The White House announced that...".   The residence was designed by Irish-born architect James Hoban in the Neoclassical style. Construction took place between 1792 and 1800 using Aquia Creek sandstone painted white. When Thomas Jefferson moved into the house in 1801, he (with architect Benjamin Henry Latrobe) added low colonnades on each wing that concealed stables and storage. In 1814, during the War of 1812, the mansion was set ablaze by the British Army in the Burning of Washington, destroying the interior and charring much of the exterior. Reconstruction began almost immediately, and President James Monroe moved into the partially reconstructed Executive Residence in October 1817. Exterior construction continued with the addition of the semi-circular South portico in 1824 and the North portico in 1829.   Because of crowding within the executive mansion itself, President Theodore Roosevelt had all work offices relocated to the newly constructed West Wing in 1901. Eight years later in 1909, President William Howard Taft expanded the West Wing and created the first Oval Office, which was eventually moved as the section was expanded. In the main mansion, the third-floor attic was converted to living quarters in 1927 by augmenting the existing hip roof with long shed dormers. A newly constructed East Wing was used as a reception area for social events; Jefferson's colonnades connected the new wings. East Wing alterations were completed in 1946, creating additional office space. By 1948, the house's load-bearing exterior walls and internal wood beams were found to be close to failure. Under Harry S. Truman, the interior rooms were completely dismantled and a new internal load-bearing steel frame constructed inside the walls. Once this work was completed, the interior rooms were rebuilt.
Police in Jackson, Mississippi, have prepared an arrest warrant for former television host Gary Collins for leaving the scene of an accident, police spokesman Colendula Green told CNN.   Officers were called to the scene Monday afternoon but when police arrived, only one of the parties involved was there.   The victim "had been stopped at a red light and was rear-ended by a white Jeep, driven by Gary Collins," Green said.   Collins' lawyer, Tom Royals, said his client had gotten out of his vehicle, examined the accident, and exchanged information with the driver of the other car.   After calling the police, Collins left because he had been waiting for some time and he thought he had done all that was required, Royals said.   "The other party knew his information," Royals said. "And in fact Collins knew someone in the car. They talked a while and then he left."   Green agreed that the ex-actor had provided his contact information but said Jackson Police have cited Collins for leaving the scene of an accident, a misdemeanor. Police are waiting to execute the arrest warrant once a judge signs off on it.   The other driver is pressing charges, Green said.   "It was not a serious accident," Royals said. "It was really just a minor fender-bender."   Collins is known for being a TV and radio personality, and is married to former Miss America Mary Anne Mobley. As an actor, he is known his role in the television series "The Sixth Sense," and "The Wackiest Ship in the Army." 
The French colonial empire constituted the overseas colonies, protectorates and mandate territories that came under French rule from the 16th century onward. A distinction is generally made between the "first colonial empire", that existed until 1814, by which time most of it had been lost, and the "second colonial empire", which began with the conquest of Algiers in 1830. The second empire came to an end after the loss of bitter wars in Vietnam (1955) and Algeria (1962), and peaceful decolonization elsewhere after 1960.   Competing with Spain, Portugal, the United Provinces, and later England, France began to establish colonies in North America, the Caribbean, and India in the 17th century. A series of wars with Great Britain and other European major powers during the 18th century and early 19th century resulted in France losing nearly all of its conquests. France rebuilt a new empire mostly after 1850, concentrating chiefly in Africa, as well as Indochina and the South Pacific. Republicans, at first hostile to empire, only became supportive when Germany started to build her own colonial empire. As it developed, the new empire took on roles of trade with France, especially supplying raw materials and purchasing manufactured items, as well as lending prestige to the motherland and spreading French civilization and language, and the Catholic religion. It also provided manpower in the World Wars.
Autumn means different things to different people. "It all depends on your personality," said British naturalist Richard Mabey. "Personality shapes your view of the season," he said. "You may see it as a fading-away,a packing-up ,or as a time of packing in another sense--the exciting gathering of resources before a long journey."   If this is true,perhaps it tells us a little about,for instance,Thomas Hood,the 19th Century English poet. About November,he wrote:   No warmth,no cheerfulness,no healthful ease   No shade,no shine,no butterflies,no bees   November!   On the other hand,another English poet John Keats,already sensing he was seriously ill,was inspired by a late September day to pen one of the most famous poems in the English language,To Autumn. He wrote to a friend afterwards that there was something comforting and healing about it.   According to Richard Mabey,Keats has the biological evidence on his side. Autumn is not a time of slowing down,but a time of new beginnings and great movements of creatures. For example,just at the moment that Keats's "gathering swallows" ( in To Autumn)are departing for Africa,millions of creatures are fleeing from the frozen north like Iceland,Greenland and Russia to winter along the east and south coasts of Britain. According to scientists,before falling,the leaves transfer their chlorophyll and carbohydrates into the woody parts of the tree for safe keeping over winter. What remains is the natural antioxidants in the leaves: the yellow and orange carotenoids ,and another protective chemical specially produced for autumn,the bright-red anthocyanin .High colour is not a signal of deterioration and decline,but of detox ability and good health.   A century after Keats,the American poet Loren Eiseley wrote in his journal:   "Suppose we saw ourselves burning-like maples in a golden autumn. And that we could break up like autumn leaves...dropping their substance like chlorophyll. Wouldn't our attitude towards death be different?"
The University of Minnesota, Twin Cities (often referred to as The University of Minnesota, Minnesota, the U of M, UMN, or simply the U) is a public research university in Minneapolis and Saint Paul, Minnesota. The Minneapolis and St. Paul campuses are approximately apart, and the Saint Paul campus is actually in neighboring Falcon Heights. It is the oldest and largest campus within the University of Minnesota system and has the sixth-largest main campus student body in the United States, with 51,147 students in 2013–14. The university is the flagship institution of the University of Minnesota system, and is organized into 19 colleges and schools, with sister campuses in Crookston, Duluth, Morris, and Rochester.   The University of Minnesota is one of America's Public Ivy universities, which refers to top public universities in the United States capable of providing a collegiate experience comparable with the Ivy League. Founded in 1851, The University of Minnesota is categorized as an R1 Doctoral University with the highest research activity in the Carnegie Classification of Institutions of Higher Education. Minnesota is a member of the Association of American Universities and is ranked 14th in research activity with $881 million in research and development expenditures in the fiscal year ending June 30, 2015.
My mother and I were in the kitchen fixing dinner. I was setting the table as she was cooking when we heard my father. We went into the living room to see what he needed. He could not find the keys to his truck. We all started looking all over the place and could not seem to find them. My father needed to go to work so he took the keys for my mom's van and left for work. We kept looking for them and when we were about to give up my little brother came walking out of the garage with them in his hands. He was in the garage playing with his bike. My mother called my father at work to tell him the great news. He was happy and we then ate our dinner.
There was once a land named Catatonia where cats ran things. Cats walked and talked much as you do except they walked on four legs. There were cat policemen, cat firemen, cat teachers, and even a cat bus driver. Most of the cats were very busy. The King of Catatonia was a small cat named Diggs. He had two brothers named Pouncer and Flash who helped him rule in Catatonia. Pouncer was head of the Milk, Cheese and Cream center and Flash's job was to blow things up. Together the three of them made sure all the cats were happy, had plenty to drink and got to enjoy bright fireworks shows in the distance. One day Pouncer's wife brought the kittens to see Pouncer at his office. There were white kittens and lots of black and white spotted kittens walking around in the Milk, Cheese and Cream center. Well that is all the time we have for now. I hope this short story of the Cats of Catatonia made at least one person in the room smile.
Fernando Alonso ended his 2011 Formula One commitments wearing a Santa Claus outfit and the robes of a Magi, and the Spanish driver hopes next year will bring a return of the old Ferrari spirit.   The legendary Italian marque has won 31 world titles overall, but none since clinching a 16th constructors' crown in 2008.   Alonso was fourth in the drivers' standings this year, 135 points behind Red Bull's all-conquering Sebastian Vettel after winning just one race, while teammate Felipe Massa was a massive 274 points off the pace in sixth.   After being Father Christmas for Ferrari employees at the team's Maranello headquarters, and then one of the Three Wise Men at a sponsors' party, Alonso turned his attentions towards his bid to add a third world title to his 2005 and 2006 successes at Renault.   Argentina's new F1 project   "This is the time when one is always optimistic, but then we must wait for the start of the season to see where we really are. It's true that in the past few days, there was a good feeling at Maranello and there's an air of confidence about it," the 30-year-old told Ferrari's website.   "We want to reacquaint ourselves with the taste of winning that has eluded us for a while. Last spring, we made important changes to the structure of the technical part of the team and now we have adopted a new approach, a less conservative one, in the design of the new car.   "The philosophy behind the 2012 car is very different to that of 2011, especially in some key areas like suspension and aerodynamics." 
Do you want to know something about children in Africa? What to they do for fun every day? Find out here: Education School is expensive for many African children. Lots of families can't afford school uniforms or exercise books even though they don't have to pay for school. For those lucky enough to go to school , they have a lot to learn. Some take two language classes: English or French, and their first language. There is also math, science, history, social studies and geography. _ take up much of children's time after school. They have to get water and firewood for the family every day. Also there's cleaning , washing and helping Mum with the meal. Daily fun It's not all work and no play. Sports are very popular. Children can make goals with twigs ( )and their own footballs with plastic and bits of string ( ). They play in the country and the streets of old towns. There're many football teams for teenagers in Africa. Internet It's really expensive to get on the Internet. To surf the net for 20 hours costs over 600yuan. This is more than the average monthly pay per person. Egypt and South Africa are the top two users of the Internet in Africa. All of the capital cities there can get on the Internet. Some schools offer computer lessons but few students can enjoy computer fun at home.
McDonald's is the world single biggest food provider with annual sales of around $12.4bn. And the company's symbol Ronald McDonald is now (or so the company claims) the word's most recognized person after Santa Claus.   The first McDonald's restaurant was opened in San Bernardino, California, in 1948 by brothers Mac and Richard "Dick" McDonald. Mac ran the restaurant side; Dick was the marketing genius. He had already invented the drive-in laundry and had been the first person to use neon lights in advertising. Now he spotted the gap in the post-war, baby-boom market for cheap, family-orientated restaurants with simple menus, standardized food and efficient service.   After a slow start, business began to boom. By 1954, the brothers were joined by another entrepreneur, a kitchen equipment salesman called Ray A Kroc who owned the franchise to the Multimixer, milk shake maker used throughout the McDonald's chain. A year later, Kroc had bought the McDonald brothers' chain of 25 franchises for the equivalent of around $70m(PS44m). Dick remained with the company until the Seventies, when he and Kroc fell out over Kroc's claim that the chain was his creation.   Today, an almost Stalinist cult of personality surrounds Kroc (who died in 1984) at McDonald's, while the brothers who gave the company its name have all but been written out of its history. But though Kroc did not found McDonald's, he was certainly responsible for the empire-building philosophy which led to its world domination. He ushered in such essential contributions to international cuisine as the Big Mac (1968) and the Egg McMuffin (1973); and helped launch Ronald McDonald ---- "in any language he means fun" ---- on to television in 1963.   Every three hours, a new McDonald's franchise opens somewhere in the world; it can be found in more than 100 countries including India (vegetarian-only to avoid offending the non-beef-eating populace) and Israel (non kosher, despite fierce local objection). McDonald's chain embodied the thrusting, can-do spirit of Fifties America with staff mottoes such as "If you've got time to lean, you've go time to clean."
In a telephone call Monday between Russia's Defense Minister General Sergei Shoigu and the U.S. Secretary of Defence Chuck Hagel, Shoigu described the activity of U.S. and NATO troops near Russia's border as "unprecedented."   According to the official Russian version of the call, his American counterpart assured him the alliance did not have "provocative or expansionist" intentions -- and that Russia should know this.   But it hardly seems to matter how often NATO makes these assurances. The Kremlin will never trust them. Fear of the Western military alliance's steady march east is deep-rooted. It strikes at the very heart of Russia's national sense of security, a relic of Cold War enmity which has seeped down to post-Soviet generations.   Ilya Saraev is a 15-year-old pupil at the First Moscow cadet school in Moscow. He thinks long and hard when I ask him about NATO. "I think NATO might be a friend to Russia but there's one point I don't understand: Why it needs to approach the border with Russia more and more," he says.   Cadet school is an education in patriotism, like something from a bygone era. Besides the regular classes, there are lessons in ballroom dancing. Teenage cadets proudly leading local beauties through the waltz while outside their classmates rehearse the goosestep.   After the takeover of Crimea, U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry accused Russia of behaving in a 19th century fashion in the 21st century. In some ways it's an epithet that seems to ring true here. The children are immaculately mannered and thoughtful. They write to their fellow cadets in Crimea. They say they feel sad there's this tension between brother nations -- Russia and Ukraine. 
Once upon a time a young boy and young girl set out on a trip to the beach. They packed a few towels, an umbrella, a few beach chairs and a lunch cooler. They drove to the crowded beach parking lot and spent almost an hour trying to find a parking spot. Once they found a spot they parked and began walking to the beach area. They found a nice spot with a good view of the water and set up their belongings. Once they sat down they began to enjoy a nice lunch on the beach. They watched the boats go by and people playing in the water. It was a wonderful day and one they would always remember. Once they arrived home they suddenly found out that they both had a pretty good sunburn. They both said that next time they would use sun screen.
Tuberculosis (TB) is an infectious disease usually caused by the bacterium Mycobacterium tuberculosis (MTB). Tuberculosis generally affects the lungs, but can also affect other parts of the body. Most infections do not have symptoms, known as latent tuberculosis. About 10% of latent infections progress to active disease which, if left untreated, kills about half of those infected. The classic symptoms of active TB are a chronic cough with blood-containing sputum, fever, night sweats, and weight loss. The historical term "consumption" came about due to the weight loss. Infection of other organs can cause a wide range of symptoms.   One-third of the world's population is thought to be infected with TB. New infections occur in about 1% of the population each year. In 2014, there were 9.6 million cases of active TB which resulted in 1.5 million deaths. More than 95% of deaths occurred in developing countries. The number of new cases each year has decreased since 2000. About 80% of people in many Asian and African countries test positive while 5–10% of people in the United States population tests positive by the tuberculin test. Tuberculosis has been present in humans since ancient times.
While there is some international commonality in the way political parties are recognized, and in how they operate, there are often many differences, and some are significant. Many political parties have an ideological core, but some do not, and many represent very different ideologies than they did when first founded. In democracies, political parties are elected by the electorate to run a government. Many countries have numerous powerful political parties, such as Germany and India and some nations have one-party systems, such as China. The United States is a two-party system, with its two most powerful parties being the Democratic Party and the Republican Party.   The first political factions, cohering around a basic, if fluid, set of principles emerged from the Exclusion Crisis and Glorious Revolution in late-17th-century England. The Whigs supported Protestant constitutional monarchy against absolute rule and the Tories, originating in the Royalist (or "Cavalier") faction of the English Civil War, were conservative royalist supporters of a strong monarchy as a counterbalance to the republican tendencies of Whigs, who were the dominant political faction for most of the first half of the 18th century; they supported the Hanoverian succession of 1715 against the Jacobite supporters of the deposed Roman Catholic Stuart dynasty and were able to purge Tory politicians from important government positions after the failed Jacobite rising of 1715. The leader of the Whigs was Robert Walpole, who maintained control of the government in the period 1721–1742; his protégé was Henry Pelham (1743–1754).
Solomon Islands is a sovereign country consisting of six major islands and over 900 smaller islands in Oceania lying to the east of Papua New Guinea and northwest of Vanuatu and covering a land area of . The country's capital, Honiara, is located on the island of Guadalcanal. The country takes its name from the Solomon Islands archipelago, which is a collection of Melanesian islands that also includes the North Solomon Islands (part of Papua New Guinea), but excludes outlying islands, such as Rennell and Bellona, and the Santa Cruz Islands.   The islands have been inhabited for thousands of years. In 1568, the Spanish navigator Álvaro de Mendaña was the first European to visit them, naming them the "Islas Salomón". Britain defined its area of interest in the Solomon Islands archipelago in June 1893, when Captain Gibson R.N., of , declared the southern Solomon Islands a British protectorate. During World War II, the Solomon Islands campaign (1942–1945) saw fierce fighting between the United States and the Empire of Japan, such as in the Battle of Guadalcanal.   The official name of the then British overseas territory was changed from "the British Solomon Islands Protectorate" to "Solomon Islands" in 1975. Self-government was achieved in 1976; independence was obtained two years later. Today, Solomon Islands is a constitutional monarchy with the Queen of Solomon Islands, currently Queen Elizabeth II, as its head of state. Manasseh Sogavare is the current prime minister.
Cuba (), officially the Republic of Cuba (), is a country comprising the island of Cuba as well as Isla de la Juventud and several minor archipelagos. Cuba is located in the northern Caribbean where the Caribbean Sea, the Gulf of Mexico, and the Atlantic Ocean meet. It is south of both the U.S. state of Florida and the Bahamas, west of Haiti, and north of Jamaica. Havana is the largest city and capital; other major cities include Santiago de Cuba and Camagüey. Cuba is the largest island in the Caribbean, with an area of , and the second-most populous after Hispaniola, with over 11 million inhabitants.   Prior to Spanish colonization in the late 15th century, Cuba was inhabited by Amerindian tribes. It remained a colony of Spain until the Spanish–American War of 1898, which led to nominal independence as a "de facto" United States protectorate in 1902. As a fragile republic, Cuba attempted to strengthen its democratic system, but mounting political radicalization and social strife culminated in the dictatorship of Fulgencio Batista in 1952. Further unrest and instability led to Batista's ousting in January 1959 by the July 26 Movement, which afterwards established a dictatorship under the leadership of Fidel Castro. Since 1965, the state has been governed by the Communist Party of Cuba. A point of contention during the Cold War between the Soviet Union and the United States, a nuclear war nearly broke out during the Cuban Missile Crisis of 1962. Cuba is one of the few remaining Marxist–Leninist socialist states, where the role of the vanguard Communist Party is enshrined in the Constitution. Independent observers have accused the Cuban government of numerous human rights abuses, including arbitrary imprisonment.
One evening,June Griffith was on her way to pick up her son.Almost immediately,she realized that she had gone the wrong way.She'd driven onto railroad tracks and the underside of her car was caught.   As Griffith tried to remove the car,its headlights attracted the attention of a passerby,Jordan Ricks,a college student.He ran over.   Ricks,22,tried to appear calm as he instructed Gdmth to remove the car.Both of them could now see the wheel between the rails and the uneven track bed.Ricks put his hands under the front fender and gave it a push.It didn't move.   He pushed it again with all his strength,Still,no movement.   From about 50 feet away,a group of students from the nearby university watched the scene.Ricks signaled to them,and five of the guys came over.   He directed them to different sides of the car,and they all put their hands under the flame.   "One,two,three" Ricks yelled.They all pushed.   "One,two,three!" he yelled again.The car didn't move.   At that moment,they felt the ground begin to shake.Then four dings signaled an on coming train,apd the railroad gates dropped down.In the distance,an unclear line of light appeared,followed by the loud noise of a horn .   The guys started yelling,"Get out of the car!Get out of the car!"But Griffith felt _ .   When Griffith glanced in the mirror,she saw the train lights approaching.But she worried that the Arthritis in her feet would prevent her from escaping in time and that her car would bedamaged.One of the students,Tommy Stackhouse,20,saw her shocked face and knew he had to act.He reached for the car door and forced it open.   The train was just a few hundred feet away.In the last few seconds,Stackhouse grasped Griffith's arm and pulled her from the car.His friend,Frank DiPietrapaul,18,grasped her other arm,and the pair pulled Griffith aside.   They watched as the train,crashed into the car,cutting it into half its original size and sending metal pieces flying.Griffith sat crying as the police arrived and sorted through the ruins--and wrote her a ticket for no attention to driving.Eventually,the students went home.   A few days later,a reporter asked the young men and Griffith to reunite at a local coffee shop.There a tearful Griffith hugged her rescuers."These boys are heroes,"she would later tell anyone who would listen."They saved my life."   Ricks feels only grateful for the outcone."It was one of those moments," he says,"when we could have been gone together.It makes you think how precious life is."
Torx (pronounced ), developed in 1967 by Camcar Textron, is the trademark for a type of screw head characterized by a 6-point star-shaped pattern. A popular generic name for the drive is "star", as in star screwdriver or star bits. The official generic name, standardized by the International Organization for Standardization as ISO 10664, is hexalobular internal. This is sometimes abbreviated in databases and catalogs as 6lobe (starting with numeral, "6", not a capital letter, "G"). Torx Plus is an improved head profile.   Torx screws are commonly found on automobiles, motorcycles, bicycle brake systems (disc brakes), hard disk drives, computer systems and consumer electronics. Initially, they were sometimes used in applications requiring tamper resistance, since the drive systems and screwdrivers were not widely available; as drivers became more common, tamper-resistant variants, as described below, were developed. Torx screws are also becoming increasingly popular in construction industries.   By design, Torx head screws resist cam-out better than Phillips head or slot head screws. Whereas Phillips heads were allegedly designed to "cause" the driver to cam out, to prevent overtightening, Torx heads were designed to "prevent" cam-out. The development of better torque-limiting automatic screwdrivers for use in factories allowed this change. Rather than rely on the tool to slip out of the screw head when a desired torque level is reached (which risks damage to the driver tip, screw head, and/or workpiece), torque-limiting driver designs achieve a desired torque consistently.
The National Archives and Records Administration (NARA) is an independent agency of the United States government charged with preserving and documenting government and historical records and with increasing public access to those documents, which comprise the National Archives. NARA is officially responsible for maintaining and publishing the legally authentic and authoritative copies of acts of Congress, presidential proclamations and executive orders, and federal regulations. The NARA also transmits votes of the Electoral College to Congress.   The Archivist of the United States is the chief official overseeing the operation of the National Archives and Records Administration. The Archivist not only maintains the official documentation of the passage of amendments to the U.S. Constitution by state legislatures, but has the authority to declare when the constitutional threshold for passage has been reached, and therefore when an act has become an amendment.   The Office of the Federal Register publishes the Federal Register, Code of Federal Regulations, and United States Statutes at Large, among others. It also administers the Electoral College.
Johnny was in his backyard. He held a big basket full of clean clothes for his mother to hang.   A little spotted dog ran into their backyard. He jumped up and grabbed a sock from Johnny's basket! He ran as fast as he could and disappeared into the bushes.   "I must get that sock back!" Johnny said. "That sock is my favorite!" He ran into the bushes after the little spotted dog.   Johnny saw Mr. Wilson in the next yard over cooking at his grill. "Mr. Wilson," Johnny said. "Did you see a dog with a sock?"   "I sure did!" Mr. Wilson said. "The little dog ran around and around and then ran into the next yard!"   Johnny ran after the dog into the next yard. He saw Mrs. Tomly reading a book on a chair. "Mrs. Tomly," Johnny said. "Did you see a dog with a sock?"   "I sure did!" Mrs. Tomly said. "The little dog ran around and around then ran into the next yard!"   Johnny ran after the dog into the next yard. There, he saw a cat laying on a table. "Mr. Cat," Johnny said. "Did you see a dog with a sock?"   The cat opened one eye. Then it pointed to the next yard over with his tail.   Johnny ran into the next yard. He saw Mrs. Han sitting on a chair petting the little spotted dog. The dog had his sock.   "That is my sock!" Johnny said.   Mrs. Han smiled and gave Johnny back his sock. "Sparky here only wanted to play."   Johnny petted Sparky. "I want to play too," he said to the dog. "As long as you do not steal my socks!"   Sparky barked happily. He and Johnny played the rest of day together.
Sarah is a girl. Sarah has one brother. Sarah's brother's name is Timothy. Sarah has one sister. Sarah's sister's name is Annabelle. Their last name is MacGregor. One day Sarah went to the park with her brother Timothy. They swung on the swings for a short time. Then Annabelle came out and swung with them. They all sang some nice songs together. They all became very happy. Then Timothy's friend came. Timothy liked his friend very much. Timothy went off the swing and went away with his friend. Then Annabelle and Sarah felt very very sad. Happily then Annabelle and Sarah's friend came. Their friend's name was Kate Smith. She was the same age as Sarah. They wanted to go to the slide together. So they went to the slide and played for a long time. Then Annabelle became happy. And Sarah also became happy. Then they went home together and had some food.
I'm sitting here in this coffee shop. You know the one there by Allen street. The town is filled with thousands of middle class college kids living off their parent's money.   The coffee shop is where the ones come to play the part of sophisticated bohemians . The pretensions glow from their line-less faces as they sip cappuccinos and chew strawberry cookies. The boys to my right are discussing Nabokov with a serious air, a copy of Sartre's Cuba lies on the table.   The young woman on my left is declaring that she can never allow her creativity to be killed by entering the work force. The man with her scratches his goatee in agreement, occasionally suggesting they go back to his place to hear his new Washington Squares CD. Matt has just designed a new international symbol for peace. He moves from table to table trying to sell hand painted T-shirts that bear the design. Tomorrow he's leaving for the 25th anniversary Woodstock concert where he hopes to strike it rich with his creation.   Gopha the skinny Indian boy feels like singing me a verse of 'It Ain't Me Babe' when I ask him if he's a friend of Monica's. Jason is trying to talk Gopha into a dollar bet on a game of chess. Between times Jason will chew your ear off with his plans to conquer the music industry while studying entertainment law, but when it comes to his never ending dollar chess matches he's quiet as a church mouse.   I sit among them. To all surface appearances one and the same. If they could only see I would rather reach into their flesh and tear out their shallow little hearts than listen to another second of their prattle .   With no job, no gigs, and my girlfriend's so far gone she might as well be on another planet, I've been leading the writer's quiet cafe life, spending my free time outdoors drinking iced teas and cheap wines. I chat warmly with whoever decides to squander away their hours in my surrounding area.   But behind my eyes is an unspoken challenge to any and every one of these social elites to just once say one thing that would inspire me. Just one little idea which is new and meaningful. Unfortunately original thoughts are zero here.   In my secret mind I wish to run like a madman banging gongs and speaking in tongues. Or maybe jump on a table and sing the Star Spangled Banner in the forgotten language of the Hottentots. I know these thoughts only reveal me as a fool because the spark I search for cannot be found in acts of shocking performance art. Where it truly comes from is one of the mysteries which will always hang around me.
It is classified as a Beta World City, ranking seventh in Latin America and 73rd in the world. Described as a "vibrant, eclectic place with a rich cultural life", and "a thriving tech center and entrepreneurial culture", Montevideo ranks 8th in Latin America on the 2013 MasterCard Global Destination Cities Index. By 2014, is also regarded as the fifth most gay-friendly major city in the world, first in Latin America. It is the hub of commerce and higher education in Uruguay as well as its chief port. The city is also the financial and cultural hub of a larger metropolitan area, with a population of around 2 million.   A Spanish expedition was sent from Buenos Aires, organized by the Spanish governor of that city, Bruno Mauricio de Zabala. On 22 January 1724, the Spanish forced the Portuguese to abandon the location and started populating the city, initially with six families moving in from Buenos Aires and soon thereafter by families arriving from the Canary Islands who were called by the locals "guanches", "guanchos" or "canarios". There was also one significant early Italian resident by the name of Jorge Burgues.
Napoléon Bonaparte (/nəˈpoʊliən, -ˈpoʊljən/; French: [napɔleɔ̃ bɔnapaʁt], born Napoleone di Buonaparte; 15 August 1769 – 5 May 1821) was a French military and political leader who rose to prominence during the French Revolution and led several successful campaigns during the Revolutionary Wars. As Napoleon I, he was Emperor of the French from 1804 until 1814, and again in 1815. Napoleon dominated European and global affairs for more than a decade while leading France against a series of coalitions in the Napoleonic Wars. He won most of these wars and the vast majority of his battles, building a large empire that ruled over continental Europe before its final collapse in 1815. Often considered one of the greatest commanders in history, his wars and campaigns are studied at military schools worldwide. He also remains one of the most celebrated and controversial political figures in Western history. In civil affairs, Napoleon had a major long-term impact by bringing liberal reforms to the territories that he conquered, especially the Low Countries, Switzerland, and large parts of modern Italy and Germany. He implemented fundamental liberal policies in France and throughout Western Europe.[note 1] His lasting legal achievement, the Napoleonic Code, has been adopted in various forms by a quarter of the world's legal systems, from Japan to Quebec.
Jamie Oliver has been invited by Gordon Brown to prepare a banquet at No.10 for President Barack Obama and other leaders of the G20, offering a cut-price menu to reflect times when trade and industry are far from prosperous and the rate of employment is decreasing.   Downing Street sources say Oliver, the well-known chef, will cook using "honest high-street products" and avoid expensive or "fancy" ingredients.   The prime minister is trying to avoid a repeat of the embarrassment last year when he sat down to an 18-course banquet at a Japanese summit to discuss world food shortages.   Obama, President Nicolas Sarkozy of France, Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany and other leaders will be served by apprentices from Fifteen, the London restaurant Oliver founded to help train young people in poverty in order to make a living by mastering a skill.   Brown wants the dinner to reflect the emphasis of the London summit, which he hopes will lead to an agreement to lift the world out of recession."To be invited to cook for such an important group of people, who are trying to solve some of the world's major problems, is really a privilege," said Oliver.   "I'm hoping the menu I'm working on will show British food and produce is some of the best in the world, but also show we have pioneered a high-quality apprentice scheme at Fifteen London that is giving young people a skill to be proud of."   The chef has not yet finalized me menu, but is expected to draw inspiration from his latest book, Jamie's Ministry of Food, which has budget recipes for beef and ale stew and "impressive" chocolate fudge cake. (   )
Sally liked going outside. She put on her shoes. She went outside to walk. She walked on the green grass. The sun was warm. The trees were tall. The birds sang in the trees. Sally liked how the birds can sing. Sally likes to sing with the birds, outside. Ring, ring, is how the birds sang. Sally sang ring, ring, with the birds in the trees. Sally took off her shoes. Sally liked how the green grass was on her toes. Sally's toes liked the green grass. Sally walked on the green grass some more. She saw Missy the cat. Missy the cat meowed to Sally. Sally waved to Missy the cat. Sally likes Missy the cat. Sally likes to meow to Missy the cat. Meow, meow, Sally says to Missy the cat. Missy the cat walks away from Sally. Sally hears her name. Sally, Sally, come home, Sally's Mom calls out. Sally runs home to her Mom. Sally liked going outside.
Martin Lynch, an American businessman, had been going on vacation to a small Mexican fishing village for a number of ears. One morning while going for a walk along the beach, he saw his friend Pablo Perez, a local fisherman. Martin watched Pablo _ his boat and pack the fish in a box. Martin noticed Pablo was smiling and looked very happy. He could also see several large fish in the boat. Martin greeted Pablo and asked how long it took to catch the fish. "Just a few hours," replied Pablo. Martin asked, "Why didn't you stay longer and catch more fish?" "I have enough for my family," Pablo said. "And what do you do with the rest of your day?" asked Martin. "I take a nap, play with my children, spend time with my wife, and go into the village to see my friends and play cards, I have a full and busy life." Martin explained that if Pablo worked longer hours and caught more fish, he could make more money. With the extra money, Pablo could buy more boats and catch money more fish. By selling the fish, Pablo could open his own factory and sell direct to supermarkets. "Then what?" asked Pablo. "Well you would probably have to move to Mexico City to run the business. Finally, you would be able to sell your business and make millions of dollars," replied Martin. "How long will that take?" asked Pablo. Martin thought for a while and said it would probably take at least 15 years. "And then what" asked Pablo. "Well, that's the best part," Martin said. "You will be able to retire, buy a house near the ocean, sleep longer, play with your children, spend more time with your wife, see your friends, and play cards."
A cowboy named Steve wanted to take a vacation from his farm that was named Raindrop. He could not make up his mind where to go, so he saddled his horse and rode east. The sun was setting in the west and it was orange. A cold wind was blowing from north to south. Steve rode through a forest of pear trees next to his farm.   The first place he came to was a small town full of quiet people and its name was Silence. No one would talk to Steve. He kept riding. The town was next to a forest of maple trees.   The second town he came to was very cold and its name was Ice. Steve was afraid his horse would freeze if he stayed there. Everyone in the town was wearing large coats and mittens. The second town was next to a forest of pine trees.   The third town he came to was warm and it was named Sunny. There were palm trees on the beach. Steve and his horse went to the beach and played in the ocean. Steve took off his boots. Steve's hat got wet in the water. He had to leave it on the beach to dry. Eventually Steve and his horse got hot. They rode east again.   Eventually Steve arrived back at his farm. This confused him because he thought he had been riding in a different direction. Steve learned that there really was no place like home. He put his horse in the barn and went back into his house.
Sammy, Kate and Ben were planning a birthday party for their friend Stew. This party was going to be a surprise. They were going to have the party in Stew's house. Sammy's job was making the house look nice. Kate's job was to get a clown to come to the party. Ben's job was to make enough food for all of the guests. Also, each of the three friends got Stew a gift. Sammy got Stew a few goldfish in a bowl. Kate got Stew a really cool little tree in a pot. Ben got Stew a new shirt with people from Stew's favorite television show on it. His favorite television show is Crazy Town, by the way. On the day of the party, Sammy was taping signs on the walls, Kate was on the phone with the clown and Ben was cooking in the kitchen. There was a storm outside, so they were worried that all their friends might not show up. There was thunder and lightning, wind and rain. They even lost power for a little bit! But everything turned out okay in the end. All their friends showed up and Stew was very surprised. He loved all of his gifts and he thought the clown was funny. Everyone loved the food Ben made, too.
Paul and George wanted to get something to eat for lunch. Sam and Ralph went to school lunch room, but Paul and George wanted to leave and get something outside. They both go to the same school and have the same lunch period, which is how they know each other. They are allowed to leave school for 1 hour for lunch. They get together and rule out pizza, pasta, spicy food and chips. They also want to go somewhere close because they only have an hour. They know there are two places that have burgers and fries close by. Paul loves burgers and George loves fries. Paul says that Great Burger has good burgers. George says that Best Burger has good fries. They now have a problem. "How are we going to pick where we are going to go?" says George. Paul answers "Let's go to Great Burger today and tomorrow let's go to Best Burger." George, being a good friend, says OK. They leave school and go to eat burgers and fries.
Thirty years ago, the Earnshaw family lived at Wuthering Heights, with two teenaged children Hindley and Catherine. Mr. Earnshaw travels to Liverpool, where he adopts a homeless Gypsy boy, naming him "Heathcliff". Hindley finds himself robbed of his father's love and care and becomes bitterly jealous of the newcomer. However, Catherine grows very attached to him. Soon, the two children spend hours on the moors together and hate every moment apart. Because of the conflict , Hindley is eventually sent to college. However, he marries a woman named Frances and returns three years later, after Mr. Earnshaw dies. He becomes master of Wuthering Heights, making Heathcliff their servant instead of a family member. Months after Hindley's return, Heathcliff and Catherine travel to Thrushcross Grange to spy on the Linton family. However, they are found and try to escape. Catherine is caught by a dog, and then brought inside the Grange to have injuries tended to while Heathcliff is sent home. Catherine eventually returns to Wuthering Heights as a changed woman, looking and acting as a lady. She laughs at HeathcIiff's dirty appearance. When the Lintons visit the next day, Heathcliff dresses up to impress her. It fails, however, when Edgar, one of the Lintons' children, argues with him. Heathcliff is locked in the attic, where Catherine later tries to comfort him. He swears revenge on Hindley. In the summer of the next year, Frances gives birth to a son, Hareton, but she dies before the year is out. This leads Hindley to fall into a life of drunkenness and waste. Two years pass and Catherine has become close friends with Edgar, growing more distant from Heathcliff. One day in August, while Hindley is absent, Edgar comes to visit Catherine. Before long, they declare themselves lovers. Catherine explains to Nelly, her servant, that she does not really love Edgar but Heathcliff. Unfortunately, she could never marry Heathcliff because of his lack of status and education. She therefore plans to marry Edgar and use that position to help raise Heathcliff's status. Unfortunately, Heathcliff has overheard _ and runs away, disappearing without a trace. After three years, Edgar and Catherine are married. Six months after their marriage, Heathcliff returns as a gentleman, having grown stronger and richer. Catherine is delighted to see him although Edgar is not so keen. Edgar's sister, Isabella, now eighteen, falls in love with Heathcliff. He looks down upon her but encourages the adolescent love, seeing it as a chance for revenge on Edgar. When he embraces Isabella one day at the Grange, there is an argument with Edgar, which causes Catherine to lock herself in her room and fall ill. Heathcliff has been staying at the Heights, gambling with Hindley and teaching Hareton bad habits. Hindley is gradually losing his wealth, mortgaging the farmhouse to Heathcliff to repay his debts. While Catherine is ill, Heathcliff leaves with Isabella, causing Edgar to disown (......) his sister. The two marry and return two months later to Wuthering Heights. Heathcliff hears that Catherine is ill and arranges to visit her in secret. In the early hours of the day after their meeting, Catherine gives birth to her daughter, Cathy, and then dies. Hindley dies six months after Catherine. Heathcliff finds himself the master of Wuthering Heights and the guardian of Hareton.
The feat has not been achieved since 1936 but with every victory, the pressure on Andy Murray to deliver a first British winner of the men's singles at Wimbledon since Fred Perry grows.   The expectation is always there for any leading British player but with Rafael Nadal and Roger Federer having unexpectedly dropped out of his section of the draw, Murray is fancied like never before to finally rewrite history.   The beaten finalist in 2012, the 26-year-old survived a second set scare to beat Russian 20th seed Mikhail Youzhny 6-4 7-5 (7-5) 6-1 and reach the quarterfinals for the sixth straight year.   The second seed will meet the unseeded Fernando Verdasco for a place in the semifinals, with the Scot boasting an 8-1 winning record against the Spaniard, who beat Kenny de Schepper in straight sets.   "It was a tough match," U.S. Open and Olympic champion Murray said later. "The first couple of sets especially -- and he also had a chance at the start of the third.   "But once I got ahead in the third set, I concentrated really hard not to let him back into the match like I did in the second set."   The turning point of a contest that lasted two hours and 37 minutes came in the second set when Murray managed to turn around a 2-5 deficit to win on a tie break.   Youzhny needed treatment on a shoulder injury early in the third set and faded soon after, so allowing the British number one to reach the last eight without dropping a set. 
A former Utah policeman is a suspect in at least three of Monday's four rush-hour shootings near Dallas, Texas, including one of two fatal attacks, police said Tuesday.   CNN affiliate KSL in Salt Lake City, Utah, provided this file photo of the Dallas suspect, Brian Smith.   The suspect, Brian Smith, tried to commit suicide after the Monday-evening shootings and was in a hospital in serious condition, Dallas police detective Lt. Craig Miller said.   Police used ballistic tests to link Smith, a Utah state police officer for 12 years, to the shootings in which one driver was killed, one was injured by shattered glass and one escaped uninjured, Dallas police detective Lt. Craig Miller said.   Miller said it is unclear if Smith was involved in the other fatal shooting, which was the first attack of the evening.   Four motorists were attacked along a three-mile stretch near and on the LBJ Freeway, about 10 miles northeast of downtown Dallas, on Monday evening, police said.   The first attack, which happened in Garland, Texas, about 5:41 p.m., killed Jorge Lopez. Garland police said Lopez, 20, was sitting in his Nissan at a traffic light when a man in a pickup pulled alongside him and fired shots into his car, killing him. A few minutes after the Garland shooting and two miles away on LBJ Freeway, a gunman fired at two tractor-trailers.   While one driver escaped injuries, William Scott Miller, 42, of Frankfort, Kentucky, was shot to death behind the wheel of a United Van Lines truck, police said. 
São Paulo (; ; "Saint Paul" in English) is a municipality in the southeast region of Brazil. The metropolis is an alpha global city—as listed by the GaWC—and is the most populous city in Brazil and Americas as well as in the Southern Hemisphere. The municipality is also the largest in the Americas and Earth's 12th largest city proper by population. The city is the capital of the surrounding state of São Paulo, one of 26 constituent states of the republic. It is the most populous and wealthiest city in Brazil. It exerts strong international influences in commerce, finance, arts and entertainment. The name of the city honors the Apostle, Saint Paul of Tarsus. The city's metropolitan area of Greater São Paulo ranks as the most populous in Brazil, the 11th most populous on Earth, and largest Portuguese language-speaking city in the world.   Having the largest economy by GDP in Latin America and the Southern Hemisphere, the city is home to the São Paulo Stock Exchange. Paulista Avenue is the economic core of São Paulo. The city has the 11th largest GDP in the world, representing alone 10.7% of all Brazilian GDP and 36% of the production of goods and services in the state of São Paulo, being home to 63% of established multinationals in Brazil, and has been responsible for 28% of the national scientific production in 2005. With a GDP of US$477 billions, the Sao Paulo city alone could be ranked 24th globally compared with countries. (2016 Estimates).
He may not have an "S" across his chest but this dog is most certainly a hero.   Harley, who was rescued from a puppy mill four years ago, was named the American Humane Association's 2015 American Hero Dog. Harley, who is missing an eye and has other medical issues from his time at the mill, is now a "spokes-dog" against puppy mills. He serves as the adorable furry face of the"Harley to the Rescue"campaign, which raises funds for the National Dog Mill Rescue, according to a press release.   The pup was rescued back in 2011 and adopted by Rudi and her husband, Dan. "It was just four years ago that he was pulled from the cage in the puppy mill and left to die," Harley's owner, Rudi, said during the awards show at the Beverly Hilton Hotel in Los Angeles this past weekend, according to Today. com. "We never would have ever thought he would live this long and make such a difference for so many puppies. "   The dog was one of eight finalists up for the American Hero Dog and was chosen as the winner through public votes. The finalists all won $ 1,500 to be donated to one of American Humane Association' s charity partners, with Harley receiving another $ 5 ,000 to go toward his charity partner, New Leash On Life.   According to the release, Harley spent 10 years at the puppy mill, and endured rough treatment there, which led to his many medical issues. He lost his eye as a result of his cage being power-washed with him inside.   The dog isn't just the face of his campaign, he also goes on rescue missions and makes public appearances at events and schools to raise awareness for puppy mills.   This incredible work is all due to the dog' s fighting spirit. That spirit is allowing him now to be the voice for dogs who cannot speak for themselves and give everybody hope that tomorrow's going to be a better day.
Having just quit a highly moneymaking job with tech giant Microsoft in the United States,where he'd made millions working as a program manager, _   What Awuah wanted was to create a university in his native Ghana.a state-of-the-art education centre that would help educate the country's next generation of leaders.Awuah moved with his family,back to Ghana.There,he invested his own money and with the help of other donors he founded Ashesi University.   "Africa needs to have a renaissance ," says Awuah as he explained what drove him to   take the risky decision."The world needs to change in this way and I strongly believe that people like me need to be part of the solution;I need to be really actively involved in helping to drive this change in Africa''   Located about an hour's drive from the capital Accra,Ashesi,which appropriately translates to "beginning," is the first Ghanaian university to combine technical majors with a liberal arts approach.Its campus,set on 100 acres in a town called Berekuso,was designed to be inspiring for the more than 500 young Ghanaians studying there.   "So when I look at universities I see Africa fast--forward 30 years.When this 20-year-old is now in his or her 50s,that person is going to be a leader."   Today Ashesi,which celebrates its 10th anniversary this year,offers degrees in business,   information systems and computer science.There are plans to offer engineering and economics majors in the near future.The school's graduation rate is between 70%and 90%,according to Awuah.   In our last freshman class,50% of the students paid full tuition ,25%were on full   scholarships and 25%on partial scholarships ,"he said."The reason why variety is so important is that the most important conversation on campus is a conversation about the good society--what is the good society we would like to see in Africa? That conversation is a lot more interesting if you have variety in the classroom,"adds Awuah. .
There once was a dog named Bruno. Bruno belonged to a family, the Smiths, but he was most loved by Sarah. Sarah was the youngest child in the house, she lived there with her mom, dad and older brother Fred. Bruno would sleep with Sarah every night, and wake up with her every morning. Together they would eat cheese and ham for breakfast every day! One day after breakfast Sarah was getting ready to go to school, but something scared her! There was a big storm. Sarah was too scared to go to school with all of the thunder and lighting. Bruno could tell Sarah was scared, and did the only thing a dog could do, Bruno walked with Sarah to school the whole way so she was no longer scared!
CHICAGO ---Call it a reward, or just "bribery ".   Whichever it is, many parents today readily admit to buying off their children, who getgoodies for anything from behaving in a restaurant to sleeping all night in their own beds.   That's what worries parenting experts.   "I think that reward systems have a time and a place and work really well in certain situations," says Marcy Safyer, director of the Adelphi University Institute for Parenting.   "But what often gets lost for people is being able to figure out how to communicate to their kids that doing the thing is rewarding enough," Safyer says.   Parents and experts alike agree that thedynamic is partly a reflection of the world we live in. It's unrealistic to think a parent wouldn't reward their children with material things sometimes, says Robin Lanzi, a clinical psychologist and mother of four who's the research director at the Center on Health and Education at Georgetown University.   "But you want to make sure that they match the behavior, so it's not something huge for something small," Lanzi says.   She recalls hearing about a father who offered his child a Nintendo Wii game system for scoring a couple goals in a soccer game.   Elizabeth Powell, a mother of two young daughters in Austin, Texas, knows what she means.   "You want to raise them in a way that they're respectful and appreciate things," Powell says of her children. "But sometimes, you wonder now if kids appreciate even a new pair of shoes. "
Southern California, often abbreviated SoCal, is a geographic and cultural region that generally comprises California's southernmost 10 counties. The region is traditionally described as "eight counties", based on demographics and economic ties: Imperial, Los Angeles, Orange, Riverside, San Bernardino, San Diego, Santa Barbara, and Ventura. The more extensive 10-county definition, including Kern and San Luis Obispo counties, is also used based on historical political divisions. Southern California is a major economic center for the state of California and the United States.   The 8- and 10-county definitions are not used for the greater Southern California Megaregion, one of the 11 megaregions of the United States. The megaregion's area is more expansive, extending east into Las Vegas, Nevada, and south across the Mexican border into Tijuana.   Southern California includes the heavily built-up urban area stretching along the Pacific coast from Ventura, through the Greater Los Angeles Area and the Inland Empire, and down to Greater San Diego. Southern California's population encompasses seven metropolitan areas, or MSAs: the Los Angeles metropolitan area, consisting of Los Angeles and Orange counties; the Inland Empire, consisting of Riverside and San Bernardino counties; the San Diego metropolitan area; the Oxnard–Thousand Oaks–Ventura metropolitan area; the Santa Barbara metro area; the San Luis Obispo metropolitan area; and the El Centro area. Out of these, three are heavy populated areas: the Los Angeles area with over 12 million inhabitants, the Riverside-San Bernardino area with over four million inhabitants, and the San Diego area with over 3 million inhabitants. For CSA metropolitan purposes, the five counties of Los Angeles, Orange, Riverside, San Bernardino, and Ventura are all combined to make up the Greater Los Angeles Area with over 17.5 million people. With over 22 million people, southern California contains roughly 60 percent of California's population.
The birds chirped, the sun beat down on a nearby window, and the noisy sound of an alarm clock tried to let me know it was seven in the morning. Not only that, but the sound of a high pitched voice, announcing "It's here! It's here Janet, it's here!" That voice belonged to my sister, Karen. What she meant was that the day had finally come for our family trip to the nearby beach located beyond Eagle Point. She got our parents out of bed way before they were ready to be up, but they knew how much it meant to her so they put a smile on as mother made breakfast and father packed the family car with towels and umbrellas. We could barely hear him say how there wasn't much room for many items, but he fit it all together like every year. I warned him last go around to get something larger like a truck, or a van, even joking an airplane, but he stuck to his guns and stayed with cars.   Truthfully, I had forgotten about the trip and made plans with my friends, Lauren and Matthew. As sad as I was to have to back out, I called the two of them and let them know of my mistake. They understood, and soon after we all entered the car and went on our way to the beach. The ride and the actual activities were pretty fun! We went swimming, met some new families, and got a little reading in. Karen wanted to play in the sand, but there was a piece of metal nearby so our mother wouldn't let her. Overall, we had a lot of fun and look forward to the next go around.
I was the typical"I can't"child-whatever my mother told or asked me to do was immediately followed by my cry,"I can't."As a result,very few tasks or goals that I set out to achieve were ever completed. One evening,my mother called me into the family room."I want you to read this article,"Mother began."It's about Marlo Thomas.She tells how a simple poem that she was forced to learn by her father changed her life*She went from saying'I can't'to'I can'*According to this article,she was able to reorganize her life and her career by learning the principles in the poem." I took the small magazine from Mother and looked down at the pages.There was Marlo-my idol. Beside her photo was the poem my mother had spoken of,a simple poem entitled,"I Can"."I want you to memorize that poem,"Mother said firmly."Mama," _ ."I can't learn that poem.It's too long." "It's not too long and you can learn it.1 want you to know it perfectly by this time tomorrow,"said my mother. Unwillingly,I went back to my bedroom with the magazine.With a heavy heart,I threw myself into the bed and began my task. "Can't is a word that is the enemy to ambition,"I began.I repeated the line.I repeated it again and again."An enemy ambush to shatter your will..."I continued the process until I proudly recited the poem the following evening. It has now become my principle.Marlo 1 homas did not know me,but her story forever changed my life. Saying "I can" helped me to get through the worst moments of my life: Saying "I can" encouraged me to complete things I would have otherwise seen as out of my reach. A simple poem learned at seven is a poem that will support me to seventy-seven,maybe even longer.
One morning a girl named Ashely woke up before her Mom and Dad and started watching TV. Once her parents woke up, everybody got dressed to go food shopping for the week. Food shopping was one of Ashley's favorite things to do. The family got to the grocery store and grabbed a shopping cart. The first foods they ran into were the fruits. Ashley ran to pick her favorite fruit, apples, while her parents went and got other things that they needed, like the sour lemons. As the family kept walking through the grocery store Ashley begged for some candy that she saw, but the other things her parents bought were eggs, milk and bread. After all of the food was picked out, the family went up to the check-out line to pay for their food. Ashley never liked the check-out line, as it always took too long, but today was different. The checkout lady, Sarah, was extra nice to her and as she was waiting for her parents to pay, Ashley's father picked out a candy for her to have. It was her favorite, chocolate! Ashley was so excited that she thanked her parents the whole ride home, and even said she would make breakfast. When the family got home that afternoon and the food was in the house, the whole family made their lunch of eggs and toast together.
All eyes will be on the figure skating rink (and the judges panel), it's Round 2 for Canada and the United States in this women's hockey tournament and women's halfpipe ski makes its debut without one of its pioneers.   Figure skating   With expectations nearly as high as the men's hockey team, two Russian figure skaters are in position to medal Thursday.   But instead of Julia Lipnitskaya being the Russian in the top 3 after the short program, it was Adelina Sotnikova who was just behind Yuna Kim, the current queen of the ice.   A few U.S. journalists thought Sotnikova was the recipient of some generous scores from the judges, but she said she deserved the 74.64 total.   "I'm very happy the first (technical element score of 39.09) mark was so high," she said. "I skated really well, and I got good levels on everything so I think they reflected my skate."   Lipnitskaya fell on a triple flip but still sits in fifth position between Americans Gracie Gold and Ashley Wagner.   "I don't know what happened. My preparation was all fine. I wasn't nervous. I didn't feel too much pressure," she said despite the immense hopes of her countrymen. "The marks weren't as low as I expected. I can still fight for a medal tomorrow."   Yuna Kim still looks the part of champion despite her absence from many recent competitions. She'll be the final skater of the free skate, which she said will bring "extra pressure."   Sotnikova, meanwhile, is the third skater of the final group. Third-place Carolina Kostner of Italy is just before the Russian. 
The Getty Research Institute (GRI), located at the Getty Center in Los Angeles, California, is "dedicated to furthering knowledge and advancing understanding of the visual arts".   A program of the J. Paul Getty Trust, GRI maintains a research library, organizes exhibitions and other events, sponsors a residential scholars program, publishes books, and produces electronic databases (Getty Publications).   The GRI was originally called the "Getty Center for the History of Art and the Humanities", and was first discussed in 1983. Located in Santa Monica, its first director (beginning in 1985) was Kurt W. Forster. GRI's library had 30,000 volumes in 1983, but grew to 450,000 volumes by 1986.   In a statement upon his departure in 1992, Forster summarized his tenure as "Beginning with the rudiments of a small museum library... the center grew... to become one of the nation's preeminent research centers for arts and culture...". In 1994, Salvatore Settis, a professor of the history of classical art and archeology in Italy, became the director of the Center. By 1996, the Center's name had been changed to "Getty Research Institute for the History of Art and the Humanities", and by 1999 it was known simply as "Getty Research Institute".   Among GRI's special projects was "L.A. as Subject: The Transformative Culture of Los Angeles Communities" conducted between 1995 and 1999, whose purposes included "enhanc[ing] existing resources and develop new resources that support new research scholarship on LA and also encourag[ing] the preservation, conservation, and display of local material culture".
The Smithsonian Institution, established on August 10, 1846 "for the increase and diffusion of knowledge", is a group of museums and research centers administered by the Government of the United States. The institution is named after its founding donor, British scientist James Smithson. Originally organized as the "United States National Museum", that name ceased to exist as an administrative entity in 1967.   Termed "the nation's attic" for its eclectic holdings of 154 million items, the Institution's nineteen museums, nine research centers, and zoo include historical and architectural landmarks, mostly located in the District of Columbia. Additional facilities are located in Arizona, Maryland, Massachusetts, New York City, Pittsburgh, Texas, Virginia, and Panama. More than 200 institutions and museums in 45 states, Puerto Rico, and Panama are Smithsonian Affiliates.   The Institution's thirty million annual visitors are admitted without charge. Its annual budget is around $1.2 billion with 2/3 coming from annual federal appropriations. Other funding comes from the Institution's endowment, private and corporate contributions, membership dues, and earned retail, concession, and licensing revenue. Institution publications include "Smithsonian" and "Air & Space" magazines.   The British scientist James Smithson (1765–1829) left most of his wealth to his nephew Henry James Hungerford. When Hungerford died childless in 1835, the estate passed "to the United States of America, to found at Washington, under the name of the Smithsonian Institution, an Establishment for the increase & diffusion of knowledge among men", in accordance with Smithson's will. Congress officially accepted the legacy bequeathed to the nation, and pledged the faith of the United States to the charitable trust on July 1, 1836. The American diplomat Richard Rush was dispatched to England by President Andrew Jackson to collect the bequest. Rush returned in August 1838 with 105 sacks containing 104,960 gold sovereigns (about $500,000 at the time, which is ).
Kanye's "Fantasy" conquered reality; the Black Keys locked into a groove; Arcade Fire burned down the suburbs.   (Rolling Stone) -- 5. Jamey Johnson, "The Guitar Song" 1: What does Jamey Johnson keep under all of that hair? Songs. Nashville's gruffest and grittiest star turns out to be its most reliable traditionalist, a Music Row pro who can write a song for every emotional season. Johnson pulled out a whole slew of them -- 25, clocking in north of 105 minutes -- for his double-disc fourth album: acoustic confessions and rugged boogie blues, big weepers and grim reapers, cover tunes and novelty ditties, not to mention "California Riots" and "Playing the Part," a pair of fiercely funny, unrepentantly redneck swipes at the frou-frou blue states.   4. Arcade Fire, "The Suburbs" Arcade Fire don't do anything small -- so leave it to the Montreal collective to make an album of vast, orchestral rock that locates the battle for the human soul amid big houses and manicured lawns.   "The Suburbs" is the band's most adventurous album yet: See the psychotic speed strings on "Empty Room," the Crazy Horse rush of "Month of May," the synth-pop disco of "Sprawl II (Mountains Beyond Mountains)." Win Butler and his wife, Régine Chassagne, sing about suburban boredom, fear of change and wanting to have a kid of their own -- always scaling their intimate confessions to arena-rock levels and finding beauty wherever they look.   3. Elton John and Leon Russell, "The Union" Two rock giants, one largely forgotten, rekindle a friendship and make music that ranks with their best. Producer T Bone Burnett delivers his most spectacular production in memory, filled with shining steel guitar, chortling brass and gospel-time choirs. Ultimately, it's Russell's voice that shines brightest, drawing on the entire history of American popular music in its canny, vulnerable, knowing croon. 
It was early morning. Peter Corbett helped Mark Wellman out of his wheelchair and onto the ground. They stood before El Captain, a huge rock almost 1.2 kilometers high. Mark had long dreamed to climb El Captain when he was a child. At the age of twentyone, he had fallen while climbing mountain, losing his legs. But he never lost his love for life. Mark knew he couldn't finish the climb alone, but his friend Peter would be there to lend a helping hand. They thought it would take seven days to reach the top. Now Peter climbed about 30 meters up and hit a piton into the rock. Fastening one end of a 50meter rope to the piton, he let the other end of the rope fall down. Mark caught the rope and fastened it to his belt. He next reached above his head and fastened a T-bar to the rope. Mark took a deep breath, pushed the Tbar up almost as far as his arms could reach, and began the first pullup. High above, Peter let out a cheer, "You're on your way." For the first four days the two men progressed upward without accident. But on the fifth day, a very strong wind began to blow, making it hard for Mark to hold on to his rope. But Mark kept on pushing up the T-bar and pulling himself up. It took them one day more than they had expected. But as the two heads appeared the group of people waiting on the top went wild with joy. Mark Wellman showed that if you set your heart and mind on something, no wall is too high, no dream impossible.
Samuel Langhorne Clemens (November 30, 1835 – April 21, 1910), better known by his pen name Mark Twain, was an American writer, humorist, entrepreneur, publisher, and lecturer. Among his novels are "The Adventures of Tom Sawyer" (1876) and its sequel, the "Adventures of Huckleberry Finn" (1885), the latter often called "The Great American Novel".   Twain was raised in Hannibal, Missouri, which later provided the setting for "Tom Sawyer" and "Huckleberry Finn". He served an apprenticeship with a printer and then worked as a typesetter, contributing articles to the newspaper of his older brother Orion Clemens. He later became a riverboat pilot on the Mississippi River before heading west to join Orion in Nevada. He referred humorously to his lack of success at mining, turning to journalism for the Virginia City "Territorial Enterprise". His humorous story, "The Celebrated Jumping Frog of Calaveras County", was published in 1865, based on a story that he heard at Angels Hotel in Angels Camp, California where he had spent some time as a miner. The short story brought international attention and was even translated into French. His wit and satire, in prose and in speech, earned praise from critics and peers, and he was a friend to presidents, artists, industrialists, and European royalty.
At Buya in Eritrea, one of the oldest hominids representing a possible link between Homo erectus and an archaic Homo sapiens was found by Italian scientists. Dated to over 1 million years old, it is the oldest skeletal find of its kind and provides a link between hominids and the earliest anatomically modern humans. It is believed that the section of the Danakil Depression in Eritrea was also a major player in terms of human evolution, and may contain other traces of evolution from Homo erectus hominids to anatomically modern humans.   The Scottish traveler James Bruce reported in 1770 that Medri Bahri was a distinct political entity from Abyssinia, noting that the two territories were frequently in conflict. The Bahre-Nagassi ("Kings of the Sea") alternately fought with or against the Abyssinians and the neighbouring Muslim Adal Sultanate depending on the geopolitical circumstances. Medri Bahri was thus part of the Christian resistance against Imam Ahmad ibn Ibrahim al-Ghazi of Adal's forces, but later joined the Adalite states and the Ottoman Empire front against Abyssinia in 1572. That 16th century also marked the arrival of the Ottomans, who began making inroads in the Red Sea area.
A public high school in the rural town of Boonsboro,Maryland,offers a special program recently. Top students in the ninth and tenth grades can attend single-sex classes for math,science,English and social studies.   The aim is to help teenagers keep their mind on their work by keeping males and females apart. Rebecca Brown chooses the students for what Boonsboro High School calls the Academy. "What we really want to do is take that top group of kids and take them to the very highest level they can achieve here,so that they're prepared for college," she said. They need high marks and test scores and strong teacher recommendations. They also need to be involved in activities.   Michael Bair has been at Boonsboro High School for twenty years and directs the Academy. His ninth-grade English class for boys centers on books that he believes boys find interesting. "The novels they're reading now,are very manly novels. They're novels that deal with the arrogance of man and the pride of man." One of those books,for example,is "The Call of the Wild" by Jack London. This classic story tells of a dog stolen from his home and sold to work as a sled dog in Canada's Klondike Gold Rush.   On this day,the students are working in small groups. Vincent and Logan explain why they're drawing pictures that relate to the story. Vincent said,"The main character,Buck,gets abducted , and they send him off to the Yukon in a train. So I'm drawing part of the story where he's in the train. It gets you to _ the setting of the story and gets you to think more about what's going on in the story,the important events of the story."" Instead of just doing work sheets about it,this is a lot more fun," Logan added happily.   Morgan Van Fleet likes being in the Academy. She says boys and girls act differently when they are together in a classroom. "To me,it almost seems like it's hindering your chances at developing yourself because you're more focused on 'Oh,I wish they'd shut up. Oh,what do they think of me?' instead of focusing on what's the homework or what's going on in this class,what's the lesson."
Lisa was running late. Lisa, 25, had a lot to do at work,plus visitors on the way: her parents were coming in for Thanksgiving from her hometown. But as she hurried down the subway stairs, she started to feel uncomfortably warm. By the time she got to the platform, Lisa felt weak and tired-maybe it hadn't been a good idea to give blood the night before, she thought. She rested herself against a post close to the tracks.   Several yards away, Frank, 43, and his girlfriend, Jennifer, found a spot close to where the front of the train would stop. They were deep in discussion about a house they were thinking of buying.   But when he heard the scream, followed by someone yelling, "Oh, my God, she fell in!" Frank didn't hesitate. He jumped down to the tracks and ran some 40 feet toward the body lying on the rails. "No! Not you! " his girlfriend screamed after him.   She was right to be alarmed. By the time Frank reached Lisa, he could feel the tracks shaking and see the light coming. The train was about 20 seconds from the station.   It was hard to lift her. She was just out. But he managed to raise her the four feet to the platform so that bystanders could hold her by the arms and drag her away from the edge. That was where Lisa briefly regained consciousness, felt herself being pulled along the ground, and saw someone else holding her purse.   Lisa thought she'd been robbed. A woman held her hand and a man gave his shirt to help stop the blood pouring from her head. And she tried to talk but she couldn't, and that was when she realized how much pain she was in.   Police and fire officials soon arrived, and Frank told the story to an officer. Jennifer said her boyfriend was calm on their 40-minute train ride downtown-just as he had been seconds after the rescue, which made her think about her reaction at the time. "I saw the train coming and I was thinking he was going to die." she explained.
Humans have sewn by hand for thousands of years. It was said that the first thread was made from animal muscle and sinew . And the earliest needles were made from bones. Since those early days, many people have been involved in the process of developing a machine that could do the same thing more quickly and with greater efficiency.   Charles Wiesenthal, who was born in Germany, designed and received a patent on a double-pointed needle that eliminated the need to turn the needle around with each stitch in England in 1755. Other inventors of that time tried to develop a functional sewing machine, but each design had at least one serious imperfection.   Frenchman Barthelemy Thimonnier finally engineered a machine that really worked. However, he was nearly killed by a group of angry tailors when they burned down his garment factory. They feared that they would lose their jobs to the machine.   American inventor Elias Howe, born on July 9, 1819, was awarded a patent for a method of sewing that used thread from two different sources. Howe's machine had a needle with an eye at the point, and it used the two threads to make a special stitch called a lockstitch. However, Howe faced difficulty in finding buyers for his machines in America. In frustration, he traveled to England to try to sell his invention there. When he finally returned home, he found that dozens of manufacturers were adapting his discovery for use in their own sewing machines.   Isaac Singer, another American inventor, was also a manufacturer who made improvements to the design of sewing machines. He invented an up-and-down-motion mechanism that replaced the side-to-side machines. He also developed a foot treadle to power his machine. This improvement left the sewer's hands free. Undoubtedly, it was a huge improvement of the hand-cranked machine of the past. Soon the Singer sewing machine achieved more fame than the others for it was more practical. It could be adapted to home use and it could be bought on hire-purchase. The Singer sewing machine became the first home appliance, and the Singer company became one of the first American multinationals.   However, Singer used the same method to create a lockstitch that Howe had already patented. As a result, Howe accused him of patent infringement . Of course, Elias Howe won the court case, and Singer was ordered to pay Howe royalties . In the end, Howe became a millionaire, not by manufacturing the sewing machine, but by receiving royalty payments for his invention.
Originally based on the English alphabet, ASCII encodes 128 specified characters into seven-bit integers as shown by the ASCII chart on the right. The characters encoded are numbers 0 to 9, lowercase letters a to z, uppercase letters A to Z, basic punctuation symbols, control codes that originated with Teletype machines, and a space. For example, lowercase j would become binary 1101010 and decimal 106. ASCII includes definitions for 128 characters: 33 are non-printing control characters (many now obsolete) that affect how text and space are processed and 95 printable characters, including the space (which is considered an invisible graphic:223).   The code itself was patterned so that most control codes were together, and all graphic codes were together, for ease of identification. The first two columns (32 positions) were reserved for control characters.:220, 236 § 8,9) The "space" character had to come before graphics to make sorting easier, so it became position 20hex;:237 § 10 for the same reason, many special signs commonly used as separators were placed before digits. The committee decided it was important to support uppercase 64-character alphabets, and chose to pattern ASCII so it could be reduced easily to a usable 64-character set of graphic codes,:228, 237 § 14 as was done in the DEC SIXBIT code. Lowercase letters were therefore not interleaved with uppercase. To keep options available for lowercase letters and other graphics, the special and numeric codes were arranged before the letters, and the letter A was placed in position 41hex to match the draft of the corresponding British standard.:238 § 18 The digits 0–9 were arranged so they correspond to values in binary prefixed with 011, making conversion with binary-coded decimal straightforward.
Emily was a princess that lived in a castle made out of rainbows and chocolate. Her mom and dad were very kind to her. Her favorite thing to do was to play on the swings on the chocolate tree in their front yard with her friend Daisy. Emily always got first turn on the swings, and Daisy always pushed her, until it was Daisy's turn, and Emily would push Daisy. One day, Daisy said that she wasn't going to push Emily on the swings if Daisy didn't get to swing first. This made Emily very mad. Her turn was always first, and Emily thought that it wasn't fair that Daisy wasn't going to push her if she didn't get to swing first. So she ran into the castle to tell her mom and dad the Queen and King. The Queen and King listened to Emily's story, and they told Emily that it was Daisy's turn. "What?" said Emily. She was so mad! Emily always got the first turn! "It's only fair to Daisy, Emily." said her mom. "Now go out there and push your friend on the swing." Emily went outside and pushed Daisy on the swing. After Emily pushed Daisy, Daisy pushed Emily, and Emily came inside still upset. "Why did you make me push her on the swing first?" said Emily. "Because that's how you keep friends, sweetie." said her mom the Queen. "If I were Daisy and I never got to get a turn first, I don't think I'd want to be friends." "Okay, I think I understand that." said Emily. From then on, Emily and Daisy took turns being first on the swing, and they were friends for the rest of their lives.
Audrey Hepburn won an Academy Award as Best Actress for her first major American movie, Roman Holiday, which was showed in 1953. But she is remembered as much for her help as for her acting. Born in Belgium in 1929, Audrey's father was British and her mother was Dutch. Audrey was sent to live at a British school for part of her childhood. During World war II, she lived and studied in the Netherlands. Her mother thought it would be safe from German attacks. Audrey studied dance as a teenager and during college. But when she returned to London after the war she realized she wasn't going to be a ballet dancer. So she began taking acting parts in stage shows. Later she began to get small parts in movies. But it was Audrey Hepburn's move to America that made her truly famous. In 1951 she played the character "Gigi" in the Broadway play Gigi and won popular praise. Two years later, Roman Holiday made her a star at the age of 24. Audrey made more than 25 movies. Among her most popular roles was "Hoolly Golinghtly" in Breakfast at Tiffany's in 1961. Three years later she played "Eliza Doolittle" in My Fair Lady. She was married twice. In 1989, the UN Children's Fund named Audrey a goodwill ambassador. She travelled all over the world in support of UNICEF projects. The UN agency said she was a tireless worker. She often gave 15 interviews a day to raise money and get support for UNICEF projects. Audrey Hepburn often said her love to UNICEF was the result of her experiences as a child during World War II. She said she knew what it was like to be hungry and to be saved by international help. She was a goodwill ambassador until her death in 1993 from cancer.
What started out as Chelsea's worst season since owner Roman Abramovich arrived in 2003 is now on the verge of becoming one of the English club's best.   Saturday's FA Cup final success, the London side's fourth in six years in the world's oldest football competition, is the latest step in a revival that could end in the realization of the Russian billionaire's longheld dream.   The nailbiting 2-1 victory at Wembley is but a tasty precursor to a Champions League final in Munich on May 19 that offers the chance for Abramovich to finally win Europe's top club prize.   He brought Premier League success to Stamford Bridge in 2005 after spending millions on coach Jose Mourinho and a swathe of star players, achieving Chelsea's first English title in 50 years.   Two more followed, but not before Mourinho departed after failing to repeat the European triumph at Porto that earned Abramovich's attention -- and Avram Grant, Luiz Felipe Scolari and Carlo Ancelotti also exited as Champions League success proved elusive.   Andre Villas-Boas, "the new Mourinho," was bought out of his contract at Porto to replace Ancelotti -- a European champion as both player and coach -- but the Portuguese prodigy alienated Chelsea's powerful old guard of players as he sought to stamp his authority and rebuild the squad.   His assistant Roberto di Matteo, a former Chelsea player himself, has had no such problems winning their respect as he has reverted to the style so successful under Mourinho, allowing the likes of veterans Frank Lampard and Didier Drogba to restore their pre-eminent roles in the team. 
Chicago (CNN)An Illinois teenager accused of trying to support ISIS pleaded not guilty Tuesday in federal court.   Mohammed Hamzah Khan, 19, had invited his family to join him in his plans to travel to join ISIS in the Mideast, authorities said. The Islamic State in Iraq and Syria is using warfare and terror in an attempt to create an Islamic state across Sunni areas of Iraq and in Syria.   The teenager's mother, Zarine Khan, condemned ISIS and accused it of using social media propaganda to brainwash Muslim youths. She cited last week's terror attacks in Paris that killed 17 people and allegedly involved a now dead suspect with ties to ISIS.   "We condemn this violence in the strongest possible terms. We condemn the brutal tactics of ISIS and groups like them. And we condemn the brainwashing and the recruiting of children through the use of social media and Internet," the mother told reporters while reading tearfully from a statement.   "We have a message for ISIS, Mr. Baghdadi and his fellow social media recruiters: Leave our children alone!" Zarine Khan said, as her husband, Shafi Ullah Khan, stood beside her.   She was referring to Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, the mysterious boss of the terror group ISIS.   Her son is charged with one count of attempting to provide material support to a foreign terrorist organization. The charge he faces carries a maximum penalty of 15 years in prison and a $250,000 fine.   He wrote that he was leaving the United States to join ISIS, according to a criminal complaint. Authorities said they found a three-page letter in the bedroom he shared with a sibling in Bolingbrook, Illinois, in which he invited his family to join him. But he warned them not to tell anyone about his travel plans, the complaint said. 
It's an itch he just hasn't been able to scratch. More than 54 years after he announced the success of Fidel Castro in the Cuban revolution, Larry King still hasn't been able to interview him.   "The day Castro marched into Havana, I was on the air in Miami doing my morning show and I made the announcement," King told Ismael Cala in an interview for the "Cala" talk show on CNN en Español.   Just two years ago, King was in Cuba to try to get that elusive Castro interview, but the Cuban leader remains the only major figure he hasn't interviewed, he said.   "Forget politics, he has run a country for 50 years, he's a successful revolutionary, an intriguing person," said King about why he remains fascinated.   One top interview he did secure -- with the late Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez in 2009 -- came back into focus recently with Chavez's death.   "What's funny is that he spoke perfect English off air, but once the interview started, we had an interpreter," King said. "He wanted to talk in his native language."   King -- the last person to interview Chavez on CNN -- recalls Chavez being easy to be around and engaging, even remembering him as a hugger and singer.   "He was a conflicted person. An enigma. Yes, he was against capitalism, but he helped a lot of people, especially in the Northeast (of the U.S.). When there was a shortage of oil, he gave a lot of free oil to that area." 
Around twenty years ago I was living in Seattle and going through hard times. I could not find a satisfying job and I found this especially difficult as I had a lot of experience and a Master's degree. To my shame I was driving a school bus to make ends meet and living with friends. I had been through five interviews with a company and one day between bus runs they called to say I did not get the job. Later that afternoon, while doing my rounds through a quiet neighborhood I had an internal(inside)wave--like a scream --come up from deep inside me and I thought "Why has my life become so hard?"... Immediately after this internal scream I pulled the bus over to drop off a little girl and as she passed she handed me an earring saying I should keep it in case somebody looked for it. The earring was stamped with words "BE HAPPY". At first I got angry. Then it hit me. I had been putting all of my energies into what was wrong with my life rather than what was right! I decided then and there to make a list of 50 things I was thankful to. At first _ was hard, then it got easier. One day I decided to up it to 75. That night there was a phone call for me, asking if I would do a one-day training for 200 hospital workers. I said yes and got the job. My day with the hospital workers went very well. I got a standing welcome and many more days of work. To this day I KNOW that it was because I changed my attitude to _ . By chance, the day after I found the earring the girl asked me if anyone had looked for it. I told her no and she said "I guess it was meant for you then." I spent the next year doing training workshops all around the Seattle area and then decided to risk everything and go back to Scotland where I had lived before. I closed my one man business and bought a plane ticket. One month later I met my wonderful English wife and best friend of 15 years now. We live in a small beautiful house in Scotland. "THE ONLY ATTITUDE IS GRATITUDE" has been my motto for years now and yes, it completely changed my life.
Roman Britain ( or, later, "", "the Britains") was the area of the island of Great Britain that was governed by the Roman Empire, from 43 to 410 AD.   Julius Caesar invaded Britain in 55 and 54 BC as part of his Gallic Wars. The Britons had been overrun or culturally assimilated by other Celtic tribes during the British Iron Age and had been aiding Caesar's enemies. He received tribute, installed a friendly king over the Trinovantes, and returned to Gaul. Planned invasions under Augustus were called off in 34, 27, and 25 BC. In 40 AD, Caligula assembled 200,000 men at the Channel, only to have them gather seashells. Three years later, Claudius directed four legions to invade Britain and restore an exiled king over the Atrebates. The Romans defeated the Catuvellauni, and then organized their conquests as the Province of Britain (). By the year 47, the Romans held the lands southeast of the Fosse Way. Control over Wales was delayed by reverses and the effects of Boudica's uprising, but the Romans expanded steadily northward.   Under the 2nd century emperors Hadrian and Antoninus Pius, two walls were built to defend the Roman province from the Caledonians, whose realms in the Scottish Highlands were never directly controlled. Around 197, the Severan Reforms divided Britain into two provinces: Britannia Superior and Britannia Inferior. During the Diocletian Reforms, at the end of the 3rd century, Britannia was divided into four provinces under the direction of a vicarius, who administered the . A fifth province, Valentia, is attested in the later 4th century. For much of the later period of the Roman occupation, Britannia was subject to barbarian invasions and often came under the control of imperial usurpers and imperial pretenders. The final Roman withdrawal from Britain occurred around 410; the native kingdoms are considered to have formed Sub-Roman Britain after that.
My brother, Michael, was born one month before his due date and he also had cerebral palsy . He was _ . He never lost his baby teeth, never grew taller than about 30 inches and never weighed more than 28 pounds. They did estimate, however, that he would not live to see his 12th birthday.   As a boy I learned to feed and clothe Mike. As a teenager, I babysat for my "big brother" and learned use the proper medicine to prevent the seizures that caused him to tremble.   Many people said he would never walk or talk . He never did learn to walk, but he did learn to talk --not even in complete sentences, but he had the basics down. If he was hungry, thirsty, happy or sad, we knew. He knew names too. I was Kagun, not Kevin. But that changed with a beard I grew during the summer before college. Family members said it was ugly. Mike heard it.   "Look who's at home. Who's that?" they'd say to Mike. "Ugly," he would respond with delight.   All of which--to me--was normal, for he was the only brother I knew. The only time I thought of the differences between us was when others pointed them out.   My circle of friends widened when I entered high school. One day Mom asked if my new friends would have a problem seeing Mike for the first time. "If they don't accept Mike, they don't accept me and they aren't welcome," I said.   And if I didn't think of him as different, I never thought about him dying either. On a warm fall night in 1998, Mike had a seizure. With this first seizure, Mike's life was beginning to fade.   On March 15, 1999, Mike died. Michael Patrick Harter--just 26 years old-- died in Mom's arms.   We never had those great talks other brothers have about women, work and parents. We never played catch or talked about our dreams. But Mike taught me compassion and strength. He taught me respect for those less fortunate than myself. And he taught me an appreciation of the beauty in the simplest things.   Physically and mentally, I was my brother's keeper. Spiritually, Mike was and is my keeper--a nearly silent guardian angel.
Billy was like a king on the school yard. A king without a queen. He was the biggest kid in our grade, so he made all the rules during recess. He was a big bully. He told kids what to do, what to play, what to sing, and called them names like "Dork". He always had a smile on his face as he sat on the bench next to the big tree and watched his "kingdom". All of the other kids were scared of him. Even I was scared of him. He was mean and he could beat you up if you made him angry. Last week, a very, very stupid kid chose not to listen to Billy. Billy beat him up and Mr.Stupid Kid told the grownups that he tripped. No one would dare get Billy in trouble. Billy was mean, but he kept the school yard from getting too crazy. Well I had enough it. Billy had been picking on us for too long and we had to stop him. I grabbed some fishing line from home and brought it to school the next day. Before recess, I tied a long piece of fishing line around the tree by Billy's bench and tied the other end to a big rock. Then I went inside for class. When it was recess, Billy sat on his bench and started yelling at people. This was it. I called out, "Hey you big dummy! You're not so tough". Billy's face turned red with anger and he started marching my way. Billy marched and then tripped over the fishing line. Billy was lying face down and he seemed to be crying. Everyone cheered. The king was down.
The Qing dynasty (Chinese: 清朝; pinyin: Qīng Cháo; Wade–Giles: Ch'ing Ch'ao; IPA: [tɕʰíŋ tʂʰɑ̌ʊ̯]), officially the Great Qing (Chinese: 大清; pinyin: Dà Qīng), also called the Empire of the Great Qing, or the Manchu dynasty, was the last imperial dynasty of China, ruling from 1644 to 1912 with a brief, abortive restoration in 1917. It was preceded by the Ming dynasty and succeeded by the Republic of China. The Qing multi-cultural empire lasted almost three centuries and formed the territorial base for the modern Chinese state.   The dynasty was founded by the Jurchen Aisin Gioro clan in Manchuria. In the late sixteenth century, Nurhaci, originally a Ming vassal, began organizing Jurchen clans into "Banners", military-social units. Nurhaci formed these clans into a unified entity, the subjects of which became known collectively as the Manchu people. By 1636, his son Hong Taiji began driving Ming forces out of Liaodong and declared a new dynasty, the Qing. In 1644, peasant rebels led by Li Zicheng conquered the Ming capital Beijing. Rather than serve them, Ming general Wu Sangui made an alliance with the Manchus and opened the Shanhai Pass to the Banner Armies led by Prince Dorgon, who defeated the rebels and seized Beijing. The conquest of China proper was not completed until 1683 under the Kangxi Emperor (r. 1661–1722). The Ten Great Campaigns of the Qianlong Emperor from the 1750s to the 1790s extended Qing control into Central Asia. While the early rulers maintained their Manchu ways, and while their official title was Emperor they were known as khans to the Mongols and patronized Tibetan Buddhism, they governed using Confucian styles and institutions of bureaucratic government. They retained the imperial examinations to recruit Han Chinese to work under or in parallel with Manchus. They also adapted the ideals of the tributary system in international relations, and in places such as Taiwan, the Qing so-called internal foreign policy closely resembled colonial policy and control.
CNN's Piers Morgan calls the on-screen relationship between "The King's Speech" actors Colin Firth and Geoffrey Rush "one of the great bromances we've ever seen in the movies."   Firth, with his co-stars Geoffrey Rush and Helena Bonham Carter, joins Morgan tonight at 9 to talk about their movie, which leads the Oscar race and has dominated the awards shows so far. All three lead performers and the film itself are nominated for Academy Awards, scheduled to be presented February 27 in Hollywood. When Morgan asked Firth to describe Rush, the actor said, "I would describe him as my geisha girl."   Geoffrey Rush appeared via satellite from Australia. Firth also called Rush "one of the most thrilling actors I've ever worked with. And I've seen him be howlingly funny and absolutely heartbreaking. He's got the whole spectrum covered."   "We have been texting one another at various points to try and keep sane about the madness that's gone on around the film," said Rush. "And we do tend to refer to each other as Abelard and Eloise or Thelma and Louise."   Firth talked about playing King George VI. "I fell in love with him completely," he said. "I love hidden, glorious and secret heroes. I'm not very interested in people with superpowers."   The film centers on the relationship between George VI (who went by the name "Bertie") and his speech therapist, played by Rush, who worked with the king to overcome what Firth called a "crippling stammer."   The actor called it an "athletic feat just to get to the end of a sentence" for the king. 
June came and the hay was almost ready for cutting.On Midsummer's Eve, which was aSaturday, Mr.Jones went to Willington and got so drunk at the Red Lion that he did not comeback till midday on Sunday.The men had milked the cows in the early morning and then hadgone out rabbiting, without bothering to feed the animals.When Mr.Jones got back, heimmediately went to sleep on the living-room sofa with the "News of the world" over his face,so that when evening came, the animals were still not fed.At last, they could stand no longer.   One of the cows broke into the door of the store-house with her horns and all the animalsbegan to help themselves to the grains.It was just then that Mr.Jones woke up.The nextmoment he and his four men were in the store-house with whips in their hands,whipping in all directions.This was more than the hungry animals would bear.Together,though nothing of the kind had been planned beforehand, they jumped upon their masters.   Jones and his men suddenly found themselves being struck with horns and kicked from allsides.The situation was quite out of their control.They had never seen animals act like thisbefore, and this sudden uprising of creatures whom they were used to beating andwhipping just as they chose frightened them.After only a moment or two, they gave up tryingto defend themselves.A minute later all five of them were in full fright down the road, with theanimals running after them joyfully.
We've all done things in our past we might prefer the general public not talk about, but only the lucky few get to be the targets of whole industries dedicated to digging those things up.   Targets like celebrities.   Politicians.   And apparently CEOs, that is if the abrupt resignation of Mozilla's new chief Brendan Eich is any indication.   For many, the story of Eich -- who stepped down this week amid criticism of his contribution to a 2008 initiative to ban same-sex marriage-- is one of freedom of speech trampled by the intolerant.   I don't see it that way.   Don't get me wrong; to paraphrase Voltaire, I disagree with Eich's views on marriage equality but will defend to the death his First Amendment right to express them. But as I've written in the past, the First Amendment doesn't protect him, Mozilla, or anyone else from others' using their First Amendment right to signal their disapproval.   To me, Eich's case is about the power of information, and how -- with technology, 24-hour news and social media- -everyone's past is just a hashtag away from being the present.   Sometimes this is a good thing for the public, like the digging up of David Duke's KKK past as he attempted to climb the political ladder. Sometimes the information is significant, but used mainly to score points against a political opponent, as in the GOP's escalation of the Bill Clinton-Monica Lewinsky saga. But more often than not it's about gossip to sell magazines or get clicks on a website. 
(CNN)It was a story that sounded like something out of a horror film: Two young brothers strangled by a 100-pound snake that came crashing through the ceiling as they slept.   But this was no work of fiction.   It was the all-too-real fate suffered by brothers Connor and Noah Barthe in August 2013 at a sleepover in the home of Jean-Claude Savoie, a family friend who lived above an exotic pet store that he ran in New Brunswick, Canada.   Though deemed a tragic accident from the outset, the incident nevertheless remained under investigation, and on Thursday, 18 months later, the Royal Canadian Mounted Police announced that it had "arrested an individual in connection with the deaths of Noah and Connor Barthe of Campbellton, (New Brunswick)."   Leslie Matchim, an attorney for Savoie, confirmed that his client was the one arrested.   "It remains to be seen if there will be charges," Matchim said on Thursday.   A call and email to the Crown Prosecutor's Office was not immediately returned.   Savoie was arrested in Montreal, where he has since relocated, some 500 miles away from his Reptile Ocean pet store, according to Matchim.   He remained in custody there Thursday night.   According to CBC, the African rock python was kept in a glass enclosure similar to an aquarium, but on the night of the sleepover it slithered into the ventilation system. It was above the living room, where Connor, 6, and Noah, 4, were sleeping, when the ceiling caved in.   Autopsy results revealed that the boys died from asphyxiation. 
Todd is a small boy in the town of Rocksville. Todd thinks his town is the best place in the world, and out of all the places in Rocksville, Todd loves to play in Lake Keet the most. Lake Keet is a small lake with fish, plants, and even little shells. Todd's favorite part was the big rock in the middle of the lake. Todd lives pretty close to the lake, so he gets to go there a lot, but could never to get to the rock in the middle. Todd's dad never lets him swim too far because Todd can't swim very well. During summer, Todd told his dad that he wanted to get to the rock before break ended. Todd's dad told him he had to try his hardest. If he did, then Todd's dad would watch him swim every day. If Todd wanted to try and get to the rock, his dad would follow him there to make sure he was safe. Todd's dad wrote this down in his notebook so he wouldn't forget. After a week, Todd made his first try to get to the rock, and his dad followed him like he said he would. Todd didn't make it to the rock before he got tired and had to turn around. He practiced even harder for the next two weeks and wanted to try again. So, a month after summer started, Todd tried to reach the rock again. This time, Todd gave it his all and got all the way to the rock. He was very happy, and his dad was very proud of his son's hard work. To celebrate, Todd's dad carved Todd's name and the date into a tree. This way, they would always remember Todd's hard work.
Rita was in shopping mall, looking for a gift for her little daughter. Suddenly she stopped before a store, inside which were all kinds of dolls. "Why not a lovely doll? Girls like dolls," she thought as she stepped into the store. Looking around ,she saw a grandma doll--one with gray and a pair of glasses. As she gazed at it, in her mind somehow appeared Linda, her mother. When Rita was a little girl, she got her first doll form Linda for her birthday. She was very happy. Then the second, the third......,Rita began to feel puzzled, When she asked her mum the reason, the answer was always "A girl can never have enough dolls." Year after year, Rita grew up and Linda aged, but a doll a year from Linda never arrived late. "But why always a doll?" This question had been in Rita's mind until one day her father gave the answer. Little Linda dreamed to have a doll. Her parents promised one for her fifth birthday. Sadly, they both died in a traffic accident before it arrived .The never--received gift was the most precious* in her eyes. That's why she thought dolls were the best birthday gifts for Rita. Her mother's story being recalled ,Rita got an idea...... It was Linda's sixtieth birthday. The whole family gathered around the sixty-year-old lady when the doorbell rang, Much to Linda's surprise ,a package was delivered* to her, with a card read: Dear Linda, I forget to send you the package that you should have received on May 20,1956,your fifth birthday. The gift inside has aged ,but I felt that you might still wish to have it. Sorry for the lateness! Love, Angel of Joy Linda opened the package and saw a lovely grandma doll. She _ the doll that she had waited so many years to receive ,tears coursing down her face. The doll, given by "Angel of Joy", made her the happiest "child "alive .
New York—often called New York City or the City of New York to distinguish it from the State of New York, of which it is a part—is the most populous city in the United States and the center of the New York metropolitan area, the premier gateway for legal immigration to the United States and one of the most populous urban agglomerations in the world. A global power city, New York exerts a significant impact upon commerce, finance, media, art, fashion, research, technology, education, and entertainment, its fast pace defining the term New York minute. Home to the headquarters of the United Nations, New York is an important center for international diplomacy and has been described as the cultural and financial capital of the world.   Situated on one of the world's largest natural harbors, New York City consists of five boroughs, each of which is a separate county of New York State. The five boroughs – Brooklyn, Queens, Manhattan, the Bronx, and Staten Island – were consolidated into a single city in 1898. With a census-estimated 2014 population of 8,491,079 distributed over a land area of just 305 square miles (790 km2), New York is the most densely populated major city in the United States. As many as 800 languages are spoken in New York, making it the most linguistically diverse city in the world. By 2014 census estimates, the New York City metropolitan region remains by a significant margin the most populous in the United States, as defined by both the Metropolitan Statistical Area (20.1 million residents) and the Combined Statistical Area (23.6 million residents). In 2013, the MSA produced a gross metropolitan product (GMP) of nearly US$1.39 trillion, while in 2012, the CSA generated a GMP of over US$1.55 trillion, both ranking first nationally by a wide margin and behind the GDP of only twelve and eleven countries, respectively.
The 71-year-old ex-police officer accused of shooting dead a man inside a Florida movie theater won't get the chance to go home -- at least for now -- after a judge Friday decided not to grant him bail.   Judge Pat Siracusa made his decision after two days of wrenching, evocative, at times seemingly contradictory testimony inside a Dade City, Florida, courtroom.   "The state did, in fact, meet their standard," Siracusa said of prosecutors argument that Curtis Reeves shouldn't be allowed to post bond. "And I am going to detain Mr. Reeves, pretrial. He will remain in custody."   Reeves' lawyer signaled his intention to appeal a decision that -- while not unexpected, given this is a homicide case -- he believes is unwarranted. The attorney, Richard Escobar, said that he's optimistic about not only the appeal on bail, but that a jury of six citizens will side with his client.   "Mr. Reeves is truly an innocent man," Escobar told reporters. "And we look forward to proving that at a jury trial at some point."   The widow of the man that Reeves killed, meanwhile, applauded Siracusa's decision.   "I'm just very happy and relieved," Nicole Oulson said. "... I have no doubt in my mind that it was the right decision."   No threats before shooting, widow says   Was it self-defense or an overreaction?   As Siracusa took pains to point out, his opting not to grant bail has nothing to do with his or others assessment of Reeves' guilt or innocence. That won't happen until trial. 
The rivalries between the Arab tribes had caused unrest in the provinces outside Syria, most notably in the Second Muslim Civil War of 680–692 CE and the Berber Revolt of 740–743 CE. During the Second Civil War, leadership of the Umayyad clan shifted from the Sufyanid branch of the family to the Marwanid branch. As the constant campaigning exhausted the resources and manpower of the state, the Umayyads, weakened by the Third Muslim Civil War of 744–747 CE, were finally toppled by the Abbasid Revolution in 750 CE/132 AH. A branch of the family fled across North Africa to Al-Andalus, where they established the Caliphate of Córdoba, which lasted until 1031 before falling due to the Fitna of al-Ándalus.   Ali was assassinated in 661 by a Kharijite partisan. Six months later in the same year, in the interest of peace, Hasan ibn Ali, highly regarded for his wisdom and as a peacemaker, and the Second Imam for the Shias, and the grandson of Muhammad, made a peace treaty with Muawiyah I. In the Hasan-Muawiya treaty, Hasan ibn Ali handed over power to Muawiya on the condition that he be just to the people and keep them safe and secure, and after his death he not establish a dynasty. This brought to an end the era of the Rightly Guided Caliphs for the Sunnis, and Hasan ibn Ali was also the last Imam for the Shias to be a Caliph. Following this, Mu'awiyah broke the conditions of the agreement and began the Umayyad dynasty, with its capital in Damascus.
From cyberspace to college campuses, many young conservatives are worried that Sen. John McCain is not appealing to their generation.   Sen. John McCain says he knows how important young voters are.   At a town hall meeting in Ohio this month, a student told McCain that Republicans were a dying breed on his campus.   "I understand the challenge I have, and I understand that this election is really all about the people of your generation," McCain said.   Many young Republicans said Sen. Barack Obama, the 46-year-old junior senator from Illinois, is inspiring voters their age, but McCain, the 71-year-old Arizona senator who has been in office since the early '80s, is not.   Eric Perlmutter, a Republican and student at the at the University of Southern California, said the roaring enthusiasm that follows Obama is missing among conservatives his age.   "We try to get people out to our college Republican meetings, but ... we can't seem to draw the same kind of vocal support," he said.   At the July town hall meeting in Portsmouth, Ohio, McCain said he knows that he has "a lot of work to do" with the younger voters.   The senator said he needs young conservatives to help spread his message for him, because "there's nothing that convinces young people like other young people."   McCain also acknowledged the importance of using the Internet to reach out to a generation that stays in touch via social networking sites.   On MySpace, Obama has more than 427,000 friends, compared with fewer than 60,000 for McCain. 
A 32-year-old man downed dozens of roaches and worms to win a python at a Florida reptile store, then collapsed and died outside minutes later.   Edward Archbold was among 20 to 30 contestants participating in Friday night's "Midnight Madness" event at Ben Siegel Reptiles in Deerfield Beach, authorities said.   The participants' goal: consume as many insects and worms as they could to take home a $850 python.   Archbold swallowed roach after roach, worm after worm. While the store didn't say exactly how many Archbold consumed, the owner told CNN affiliate WPLG that he was "the life of the party."   "He really made our night more fun," Ben Siegel told the station.   Soon after the contest was over, Archbold fell ill and began to vomit, the Broward County Sheriff's Office said Monday.   A friend called for medical help. Then, Archbold himself dialed 911, the store said in a Facebook post.   Eventually, he fell to the ground outside the store, the sheriff's office said. An ambulance took him to North Broward Medical Center, where he was pronounced dead.   The Broward Medical Examiner's Office conducted an autopsy and are awaiting test results to determine the cause of his death.   No other contestant fell ill, the sheriff's office said.   "Very saddened by this. I mean, it was a shock," Siegel told WPLG. "Eddie was a very nice guy. We just met him that night, but everybody that works here was very fond of him."   Luke Lirot, who says he is legally representing the store, said in a post on the store's Facebook page that all participants "signed thorough waivers accepting responsibility for their participation in this unique and unorthodox contest." 
Many students are under great pressure this term. There is some advice on studying and preparing for exams. Sciences Ask students what is the most difficult course, and most of them will give you the same answer: mathematics. This is also true for Dai Shuang, a 14-year-old student at No.1 Middle School. He says, "It's so difficult that I get a headache whenever I think about the math exam." According to Dai, studying this course is not easy. He usually studies math by himself and spends most of his free time reading math books and doing exercises. _ Qin Xia, a math teacher, offers some advice. "Most students fear mathematics because they think the class is too difficult or boring." he says, "These students don't listen carefully in classes or even sleep." In Qin's opinion, they can try to take notes. And they'd better ask teachers for help. It's difficult for students to teach themselves math, which will waste a lot of time. Besides, doing a lot of exercises is also important. Arts Zhu Tianjiao, a 13-year-old student at Megan Middle School, is very nervous because she doesn't know how to improve her English. _ Xia Bingcong, a top student at Tsinghua University shares some of her learning experiences. According to Xia, memorizing, listening and reading are important in language learning. "Studying on a daily basis is the best choice." Xia says.
Nathan Phillips, who will formally begin his freshman year at the University of San Diego(USD) on Aug. 31, will arrive on campus in an unusual and philanthropic manner.   Phillips is expected to arrive between 5 p.m. and 6 p.m. Thursday on his bicycle, having pedaled 1,450 miles from Astoria, Ore.   Phillips combined his desire to complete a long bike ride before entering college with his interest in helping the children of Uganda.   He is raising funds for Invisible Children, a San Diegobased organization seeking to end conflicts annoying northern Uganda, the Democratic Republic of Congo and the Central African Republic and stop the use of children as soldiers.   Phillips had raised $1,540 before embarking Aug.11 and hopes to reach $2,000.   Phillips, who is from Redmond, Washington, visited Uganda during high school and worked in an orphanage there. He was also inspired by a presentation by Invisible Children at his high school.   "I have been to Uganda and personally gotten to know some of the kids affected by the war," Phillips said in a statement released by the university."I would do anything to help these kids."   Phillips' new roommate, Kyle Sharp, has joined him for the last 600 miles of the trip. Students and other members of the USD community are expected to join him for the last 13 miles.   "Nathan's passionate commitment to improving the lives of children more than 8,000 miles away resonates with USD's mission to prepare future leaders to change the world for the better," Pamela Gray Payton, assistant vice president of public affairs at USD, said in a prepared statement."We are delighted to have Nathan as a member of our campus community."   Supporters from USD and Invisible Children will greet Phillips and his followers when they arrive in front of Founders Hall on campus. The public is invited as well.
Cyprus (i/ˈsaɪprəs/; Greek: Κύπρος IPA: [ˈcipros]; Turkish: Kıbrıs IPA: [ˈkɯbɾɯs]), officially the Republic of Cyprus (Greek: Κυπριακή Δημοκρατία; Turkish: Kıbrıs Cumhuriyeti), is an island country in the Eastern Mediterranean Sea, off the coasts of Syria and Turkey.[e] Cyprus is the third largest and third most populous island in the Mediterranean, and a member state of the European Union. It is located south of Turkey, west of Syria and Lebanon, northwest of Israel and Palestine, north of Egypt and east of Greece.   The earliest known human activity on the island dates to around the 10th millennium BC. Archaeological remains from this period include the well-preserved Neolithic village of Khirokitia, and Cyprus is home to some of the oldest water wells in the world. Cyprus was settled by Mycenaean Greeks in two waves in the 2nd millennium BC. As a strategic location in the Middle East, it was subsequently occupied by several major powers, including the empires of the Assyrians, Egyptians and Persians, from whom the island was seized in 333 BC by Alexander the Great. Subsequent rule by Ptolemaic Egypt, the Classical and Eastern Roman Empire, Arab caliphates for a short period, the French Lusignan dynasty and the Venetians, was followed by over three centuries of Ottoman rule between 1571 and 1878 (de jure until 1914).
My parents have certainly had their troubles, and as their child I'll never know how they made it to 38 years of marriage. They loved each other, but they didn't seem to like each other very much. Dad was too fond of his beer, and he talked down to Mom a lot. When she tried to stand up to him, a fight would unavoidably follow.   It was my dad's disease that began to change things. The year 1998 was the beginning of a remarkable transformation for my family. My father, Jim Dineen, the always healthy, weightlifting, never-missed-a-day-of-work kind of dad, discovered he had kidney disease.   The decision to go ahead with a transplant for my father was a long and tough one, mostly because he had liver damage too. One physician's assistant told him, "According to your file, you're supposed to be dead." And for a while, doctors mistakenly thought that he would need not just a kidney transplant, but a liver transplant too. _   When the donor testing process finally began in the spring of 2003, numerous people, including me, my uncle Tom, and my mom, came back as matches of varying degree. But Mom was the one who insisted on going further. She decided to donate a kidney to my father. She said she was not scared, and it was the right thing to do. We all stepped back in amazement.   At last a date was chosen - November 11, 2003. All of a sudden, the only thing that seemed to matter Dad was telling the world what a wonderful thing Mom was doing for him. A month before the surgery, he sent her birthday flowers with a note that read, "I love you and I love your kidney! Thank you!"   Financially, the disease was upsetting to them. So my sister and I were humbled and surprised when, shortly before his surgery day, Dad handed us a diamond jewelry that we were to give to Mom after the operation. He'd accumulated his spare dollars to buy it.   At the hospital on the day of the transplant, all our relatives and friends gathered in the waiting room and became involved in a mean euchre tournament. My family has always handled things with a lot of laughter, and even though we were all tense, everybody was taking bets on how long this "change of conduct" would last in my parents.   We would inform Dad that if he chose to act like a real pain on any particular day after the operation, he wasn't allowed to blame it on PMS just because he'd now have a female kidney.   The surgeries went well, and not long afterward, my sister and I were allowed to go in to visit. Dad was in a great deal of pain but again, all he could talk about was Mom. Was she okay? How was she feeling? Then the nurses let us do something unconventional. As they were wheeling Mom out of recovery room, they rolled her into a separate position to visit Dad. It was strange to see both my parents hooked up to IVs and machines and trying to talk to each other through tears. The nurses allowed us to present the diamond jewelry to Mom so that Dad could watch her open it. Everyone was crying, even the nurses.   As I stood with digital camera in hand, I tried to keep the presence of mind to document the moment. My dad was having a hard time fighting back emotion, and suddenly my parents unexpectedly reached out to hold each other's hands.   In my nearly 35 years of existence, I'd never seen my parents do that, and I was spellbound. I snapped a picture and later rushed home to make sure I'd captured that enormous, life-defining moment. After so many years of disagreement, it was apparent to me that they finally understood how much each loved the other.
South African pair Louis Oosthuizen and Charl Schwartzel put their Augusta disappointments behind them to impress in the opening round of the Malaysian Open Thursday.   Schwartzel finished 18 shots off the pace in his defense of the U.S. Masters crown, handing over the Green Jacket to Bubba Watson, who beat Oosthuizen in a dramatic playoff Sunday.   Shrugging off jet lag after a 30-hour journey from Georgia to Kuala Lumpur, Schwartzel powered to an eight-under 64 to claim the first day lead.   Oosthuizen, so close to winning a second major title until denied by Watson's brilliance, produced an excellent 66 to be tied for third.   "Louis and I got off to a good fast start at the beginning and it is always nice when there are a couple of you in the group playing well and pulling each other a long a bit," Schwartzel told the official European Tour website.   "Louis is playing so well right that it is impressive to watch and helped me on," he added.   Oosthuizen conjured up six birdies and an eagle to continue the fine form he displayed in the first major of the season.   "It was a long haul getting here," he said.   "I think me and Charl knew the first round, concentration levels won't be great, but we did well.   "I knew the swing was still good. It was just adapting to the weather and the green speed, but I putted beautifully again today and hope to keep it going for the week." 
China is proving home from home for Novak Djokovic as he demonstrated yet again by rebuffing the considerable challenge mounted by Juan Martin Del Potro to retain his Shanghai Masters title Sunday in another three set classic.   Last year Djokovic also went the distance to beat Britain's Andy Murray in a riveting final rated as one of the best matches on the ATP Tour in 2012, this time around he showed all his battling qualities to see off the Argentine ace 6-1 3-6 7-6 at the Qizhong Tennis Center.   Sixth seed Del Potro had stunned new World No.1 Rafael Nadal in the semifinals, but could not repeat these heroics despite forcing a third set.   Neither player could gain the crucial break of service in the decider, but Djokovic opened up 2-0 and 4-2 leads in the tie-break and won the title with a backhand winner down the line after two hours 33 minutes.   It was his seventh of the season and came hard on the heels of winning the China Open last week where he beat Nadal in the final.   He paid tribute to Del Potro after his latest triumph. "He's a fantastic player and a great person," Djokovic told the official ATP Tour website.   "All the way up to the last point, I didn't know if I was going to win the match. It was a very even match. My motivation is there always, especially when I'm playing finals of such a big event."   The 26-year-old was winning his 20th straight match on Chinese soil and he improved to 62-9 for the season. 
My name is Clyde. I am am a cat. I have had a life full of adventure. I started out as a small kitten living in a house. I lived with my human family. I also lived with my mother and brothers and sisters. There were some other animals there too. They were not cats but they were not humans. I am not sure what they were but they were big and friendly.   I left his house and moved into different house. I had to leave my family. There were new humans now. They took me in this thing they called a car. It scared me! Everything was moving so fast. There was another one of those different animals. I think the humans called it a dog. His name was Rex. The humans were very nice to me but the dog was not. He would chase me around the house. I would have to hide under the couch or in some other small space. I heard the humans talk about taking me some place else to live. Next thing I know I am in the car again. I am living in another house. Uh oh! This house has a dog and other humans. This dog, who they call Sophie, was very nice to me. She smelled me and licked me like my mother used to do! We became close friends. I liked this new house. The humans were nice to me too. They had two small humans. Their names were Thomas and Nicole. I liked them because they like to play with me a lot.   One day a big truck came to the house and the humans put me in a room and closed the door. I was in there for a long time. When I came out all the human stuff was not there. They had put it all into the truck. I was scared again that I would have to go with new humans. This time, the humans took me with them! We moved to a new apartment in the city. I knew that these were not my humans. They loved me. They were my new family.
The law of the United States comprises many levels of codified and uncodified forms of law, of which the most important is the United States Constitution, the foundation of the federal government of the United States. The Constitution sets out the boundaries of federal law, which consists of acts of Congress, treaties ratified by the Senate, regulations promulgated by the executive branch, and case law originating from the federal judiciary. The United States Code is the official compilation and codification of general and permanent federal statutory law.   Federal law and treaties, so long as they are in accordance with the Constitution, preempt conflicting state and territorial laws in the 50 U.S. states and in the territories. However, the scope of federal preemption is limited because the scope of federal power is not universal. In the dual-sovereign system of American federalism (actually tripartite because of the presence of Indian reservations), states are the plenary sovereigns, each with their own constitution, while the federal sovereign possesses only the limited supreme authority enumerated in the Constitution. Indeed, states may grant their citizens broader rights than the federal Constitution as long as they do not infringe on any federal constitutional rights. Thus, most U.S. law (especially the actual "living law" of contract, tort, property, criminal, and family law experienced by the majority of citizens on a day-to-day basis) consists primarily of state law, which can and does vary greatly from one state to the next.
Standardization or standardisation is the process of implementing and developing technical standards based on the consensus of different parties that include firms, users, interest groups, standards organizations and governments Standardization can help to maximize , interoperability, safety, repeatability, or quality. It can also facilitate commoditization of formerly custom processes. In social sciences, including economics, the idea of "standardization" is close to the solution for a coordination problem, a situation in which all parties can realize mutual gains, but only by making mutually consistent decisions. This view includes the case of "spontaneous standardization processes", to produce de facto standards.   Standard weights and measures were developed by the Indus Valley Civilisation. The centralised weight and measure system served the commercial interest of Indus merchants as smaller weight measures were used to measure luxury goods while larger weights were employed for buying bulkier items, such as food grains etc. Weights existed in multiples of a standard weight and in categories. Technical standardisation enabled gauging devices to be effectively used in angular measurement and measurement for construction. Uniform units of length were used in the planning of towns such as Lothal, Surkotada, Kalibangan, Dolavira, Harappa, and Mohenjo-daro. The weights and measures of the Indus civilisation also reached Persia and Central Asia, where they were further modified. Shigeo Iwata describes the excavated weights unearthed from the Indus civilisation:
When Gretchen Baxter gets home from work as a New York City book editor, she checks her Blackberry at the door. "I think we are attached to these devices in a way that is not always positive," says Baxter, who'd rather focus at home on her husband and 12-year-old daughter. "It's there and it beckons . That's human nature (but)...we kind of get crazy sometimes and we don't know where it should stop."   Americans are connected at unprecedented levels--93% now use cell phones or wireless devices; one third of those are "smart phones" that allow users to browse the web and check e-mails, among other things. The benefits are obvious: checking messages on the road, staying in touch with friends and family, efficiently using time once spent waiting around. The _ : often, we're effectively disconnecting from those in the same room.   That's why, despite all the technology that makes communicating easier than ever, 2010 was the year we stopped talking to one another. From texting at dinner to posting on Facebook from work or checking e-mails while on a date, the connectivity revolution is creating a lot of divided attention, not to mention social anxiety. Many analysts say it's time to step back and reassess .   "What we're going to see in the future is new opportunities for people to be plugged in and connected like never before," says Scott Campbell. "It can be a good thing, but I also see new ways the traditional social construction is getting somewhat torn apart."   Our days are filled with beeps and pings--many of which pull us away from tasks at hand or face-to-face conversations. We may feel that the distractions are too much, but we can't seem to stop posting, texting or surfing. "We're going through a period of adjustment and rebalancing, " says Sherry Turkle and she wants to remind people that technology can be turned off. "Our human purposes are to really have connections with people," she says. "We have to reclaim it. It's not going to take place by itself."
William III (; 4 November 1650 – 8 March 1702), also widely known as William of Orange, was sovereign Prince of Orange from birth, Stadtholder of Holland, Zeeland, Utrecht, Gelderland, and Overijssel in the Dutch Republic from 1672, and King of England, Ireland, and Scotland from 1689 until his death. It is a coincidence that his regnal number (III) was the same for both Orange and England. As King of Scotland, he is known as William II. He is sometimes informally known in Northern Ireland and Scotland as "King Billy".   William inherited the principality of Orange from his father, William II, who died a week before William's birth. His mother Mary, Princess Royal, was the daughter of King Charles I of England. In 1677, he married his fifteen-year-old first cousin, Mary, the daughter of his maternal uncle James, Duke of York.   A Protestant, William participated in several wars against the powerful Catholic king of France, Louis XIV, in coalition with Protestant and Catholic powers in Europe. Many Protestants heralded him as a champion of their faith. In 1685, his Catholic father-in-law, James, Duke of York, became king of England, Ireland and Scotland. James's reign was unpopular with the Protestant majority in Britain. William, supported by a group of influential British political and religious leaders, invaded England in what became known as the "Glorious Revolution". On 5 November 1688, he landed at the southern English port of Brixham. James was deposed and William and Mary became joint sovereigns in his place. They reigned together until her death on 28 December 1694, after which William ruled as sole monarch.
Reggie Hilaire was a rookie cop on September 11, 2001. He worked at ground zero for 11 days beside his colleagues -- many of them, including Hilaire, not wearing a mask. He was later assigned to a landfill in Staten Island, where debris from the World Trade Center was dumped.   For about 60 days between 2001 and 2002, the New York police officer was surrounded by dust.   In 2005, Hilaire was diagnosed with thyroid cancer. He underwent surgery and radiation. Just months later his doctor told him he also had multiple myeloma, a blood cancer that multiplies the body's plasma cells to dangerous levels.   It's a cancer that usually strikes much later in life. Hilaire was 34.   More than 1,100 people who worked or lived near the World Trade Center on 9/11 have been diagnosed with cancer, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.   A few months ago Hilaire received a letter from the CDC's National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health, officially offering him medical insurance under the World Trade Center Health Program. About 1,140 people have been certified to receive cancer treatment under the WTC Health Program, a representative told CNN.   These are the first numbers released since the program was expanded a year ago.   In September 2012, federal health authorities added 58 types of cancer to the list of covered illnesses for people who were exposed to toxins at the site of the World Trade Center in the aftermath of the 9/11 attacks.   Dr. John Howard, administrator of the WTC Health Program, had said the year before that cancer treatments would not be covered by the compensation fund. At the time, he said there was inadequate "published scientific and medical findings" to link 9/11 exposures to cancer. 
At the farm, the farmer found that he needed to go to the town to get some tools. He needed to pick up five things at the store. The farmer needed to get a shovel, some hay, extra string, feed for the horses and a tire for his truck. He also found that one of the steps on his ladder was broken and needed to be fixed. He would have to get some wood to fix the ladder. He thought he might like to look at new ladders and see if it was time to get a new one. He went into the house and found his keys. He started driving down the road when he found that he forgot his wallet and needed to go back to the house. He turned the truck around and went back to the house. While he was in the house, he remembered that he also needed to get some milk at the store. He picked up his keys and wallet and went back to his truck. He picked up all the items he needed in town and was still home in time for dinner.
Chingaiz Khan was an unknown quantity when he arrived for a junior weightlifting tournament in South Waziristan nine years ago.   Chaotic and intensely religious, the Pakistani region is known by locals as "the most dangerous place in the world."   The 12-year-old Chingaiz, with his short, jet-black hair and smooth, unblemished skin, looked younger than the other boys. But, despite it being his first ever tournament, he was still stronger than everyone else.   For his father Shams-Ul Wazir, a local college lecturer, the decision to register his son for the tournament paid off handsomely.   Chingaiz was crowned the junior boys' weightlifting champion, the first step on a journey that would take him into the world of professional sport.   Except Chingaiz wasn't really his name.   Chingaiz was actually called Maria Toor Pakay.   Chingaiz was a girl.   "I suggested the name of Chingaiz Khan for her since she had always been like a boy," explained Al Wazir in an interview with HBO. "She liked the name very much."   Girls and boys   This isn't a story of deception, but rather a tale of necessity.   Maria Toor Pakay is Pakistan's number one squash player, ranked 49th in the world. She also comes from an ultra conservative region in Pakistan that is home to the Taliban.   Female participation in any form of public life is strongly discouraged, by both words and deeds. Education, working, sports; anything involving women leaving the house unaccompanied by a male relative was seen as the work of the devil.   Teen athlete fled Taliban stronghold to pursue dream 
I had my first job at a local diner called the Buttercup Bakery when I was 22. I worked there for seven years and learned so many lessons, especially from a fellow waitress Helen who had incredible self-respect and did what she loved--serving people. She made everyone smile and feel good, customers and co-workers alike.   Being a waitress changed my life. One of my regular customers was Fred Hasbrook, an electronics salesman. Thanks to the newfound confidence I picked up from Helen, I dreamed of having my own restaurant. But when I called my parents to ask for a loan, they said, "We just don't have the money."   The next day, I shared my dream with him and said, "Fred, I know I can do more if somebody would just have faith in me."   He walked over to some of the other diner regulars and the next day handed me checks totaling $50,000--along with a note that I have to this day. It reads, "The only collateral on this loan is my trust in your honesty as a person. Good people with a dream should have the opportunity to make that dream come true."   I took the checks to Merrill Lynch--the first time I had ever entered a brokerage house--where the money was invested for me. I continued working at the Buttercup, making plans for the restaurant I would open. My investments soured, though, and I lost the money.   After great deliberation I decided to apply for a job at Merrill Lynch. Even though I had no experience, I was hired and ended up becoming a pretty good broker. Eventually I paid back Fred and my customers the $50,000, plus 14-percent annual interest. Five years later, I was able to open my own firm.   I got a thank-you note from Fred, which will be imprinted on my head forever. He had been sick and wrote that my check had helped cover his mounting medical bills. His letter read, "That loan may have been one of the best investments that I will ever make."
Despite their public handshake on Monday it appears there is still some way to go before Tiger Woods and Sergio Garcia bury the hatchet.   A long-running spat between the two golfers resurfaced after they shared a contentious round together at The Players' Championship in May.   After several verbal volleys in either direction, Garcia's joke that he would invite Woods round for "fried chicken" during the U.S Open led to an immediate and unreserved apology from the Spaniard, who denied it was racially motivated.   A statement from the world No. 1 on social networking site Twitter called the remarks "wrong, hurtful and clearly inappropriate."   Woods also said that he was sure there was "real regret" on the part of Garcia and that it was time to move on.   Inevitably, the issue resurfaced as both players prepared to come face-to-face ahead of the second major of the year at Merion in Philadelphia.   The pair greeted each other on the practice range but the world No. 1 told a press conference on Tuesday there had been no time for a formal apology.   Asked if they had discussed Garcia's comments Woods replied: "No, we didn't discuss anything. Just came up and said 'hi' and that was it."   Woods was pressed by reporters as to whether the Spaniard had offered him any form of apology but he said: "No, we haven't had time for that.   "It's already done. We've already gone through it all. It's time for the U.S. Open and we tee it up in two days." 
Schalke moved to within a point of German Bundesliga leaders Bayer Leverkusen after winning 2-0 away to fellow title hopefuls Werder Bremen on Saturday night.   Kevin Kuranyi and Jan Moravek scored in the second half to put Schalke a point above third-placed Bayern Munich, who earlier crushed lowly Bochum 5-1 to cap a memorable week.   Former Germany striker Kuranyi put Schalke ahead two minutes after halftime and midfielder Moravek ensured Bremen's first league defeat since the opening day of the season with his 72nd-minute goal.   Bremen could also have closed to within a point of Leverkusen, who were held 2-2 at bottom club Hertha Berlin on Friday night, but ended the night two points adrift of Bayern.   Louis Van Gaal's Bayern, runners-up to Wolfsburg last season, briefly reached their highest league position since he took over as coach in the summer as Mario Gomez continued his recent scoring run with the opening goal at Bochum and strike partner Ivica Olic netted twice.   Bayern, who crushed Italian giants Juventus 4-1 in midweek to qualify for the knockout stages of the Champions League, moved to within two points of leaders Bayer Leverkusen,   Olic set up Gomez's 23rd-minute header for the opening goal, and Mergim Mavraj put through his own net 10 minutes later as the Germany international tried to repay the favor to the Croatian.   Olic got on the scoresheet two minutes before halftime from Bastian Schweinsteiger's cross and made it 4-0 four minutes after the break with a header from Holger Badstuber's delivery. 
The term "Great Plains", for the region west of about the 96th or 98th meridian and east of the Rocky Mountains, was not generally used before the early 20th century. Nevin Fenneman's 1916 study, Physiographic Subdivision of the United States, brought the term Great Plains into more widespread usage. Before that the region was almost invariably called the High Plains, in contrast to the lower Prairie Plains of the Midwestern states. Today the term "High Plains" is used for a subregion of the Great Plains.   Much of the Great Plains became open range, or rangeland where cattle roamed free, hosting ranching operations where anyone was theoretically free to run cattle. In the spring and fall, ranchers held roundups where their cowboys branded new calves, treated animals and sorted the cattle for sale. Such ranching began in Texas and gradually moved northward. In 1866-95, cowboys herded 10 million cattle north to rail heads such as Dodge City, Kansas and Ogallala, Nebraska; from there, cattle were shipped eastward.
Milk is a white liquid produced by the mammary glands of mammals. It is the primary source of nutrition for infant mammals (including humans who breastfeed) before they are able to digest other types of food. Early-lactation milk contains colostrum, which carries the mother's antibodies to its young and can reduce the risk of many diseases. It contains many other nutrients including protein and lactose.   As an agricultural product, milk is extracted from non-human mammals during or soon after pregnancy. Dairy farms produced about 730 million tonnes of milk in 2011, from 260 million dairy cows. India is the world's largest producer of milk, and is the leading exporter of skimmed milk powder, yet it exports few other milk products. The ever increasing rise in domestic demand for dairy products and a large demand-supply gap could lead to India being a net importer of dairy products in the future. The United States, India, China and Brazil are the world's largest exporters of milk and milk products. China and Russia were the world's largest importers of milk and milk products until 2016 when both countries became self-sufficient, contributing to a worldwide glut of milk.   Throughout the world, there are more than six billion consumers of milk and milk products. Over 750 million people live in dairy farming households.
Lucy was walking with her family in the woods, far away from the city. Her father helped her see all kinds of animals. It was like going to the zoo. They saw deer, a moose, a fox, and a bear. The bear ran away when her brother shouted. Lucy thought that was lucky, because she was a little scared of it. Her father showed her a whistle to blow in case she got lost. Her brother kept stealing it. While they were walking down by a stream, Lucy's Mom was making sandwiches for everyone. Lucy's brother Jim kept blowing the whistle. He told her that he was going to steal her sandwich if he got there first. That made her mad! She really wanted her turkey sandwich and not a peanut butter and jelly sandwich. When their mom called, they both ran back as fast as they could. Since Jim was older, he was faster and beat her to the picnic. Lucy started crying. She thought Jim stole everything!
Jane was a dog who lived all alone, in a broken freezer in a dump. There was all kinds of junk in the dump, from a car, to a wooden cow, to a clock, but Jane's favorite thing she had was a giant sock. Jane was always chewing at the sock, and kept it with her in her freezer. When Jane was not chewing on the sock, she was running around in the dump, looking for things to eat, or things that were fun to sniff, or that she could bark at. Still, even when Jane was having fun doing other things, her favorite thing of all to do was chew on her giant sock. Sometimes Jane would see other animals in the dump. There were always birds around, as well as sometimes a snake, and once even a cat. A deer even came through once. Jane was quick to start barking at the cat, and she quickly scared it away and it never came back. The birds were something that Jane was always trying to catch. She was never fast enough, they would always fly far away before Jane even got close. But that didn't stop Jane from barking at them whenever she saw them. Jane liked being active. Even when Jane was all alone, she was active. Jane was a happy dog.
A couple who held hands at breakfast every morning even after 70 years of marriage have died 15 hours apart. Helen Felumlee, died at 92 on April 12. Her husband, 91-year-old Kenneth Felumlee, died the next morning.   The couple's eight children say the two had been inseparable since meeting as teenagers, once sharing the bottom of a bunk bed on a ferry rather than sleeping on night apart.   They remained deeply in love until the very end, even eating breakfast together while holding hands, said their daughter, Linda Cody. "We knew when one went, the other was going to go," she said. According to Cody, about 12 hours after Helen died, Kenneth looked at his children and said, "Mon's dead." He quickly began to fade, surrounded by 24 of his closest family members and friends when he died the next morning. "He was ready," Cody said, "He just didn't want to leave her here by herself."   Son Dick said his parents died of old age, surrounded by family.   The pair had known each other for several years when they eloped in Newport across the Ohio River from Cincinnati, on Feb. 20, 1994. At two days shy of his 21stbirthday, Kenneth-who went by Kenny-was too young to marry in Ohio. "He couldn't wait.' son Jim said.   Kenneth worked as a railroad car inspector and mechanic before becoming a mail carrier for the Post Office. He was active in the church as a Sunday teacher.   Helen stayed at home, not only cooking and cleaning for her own family but also for other families in need in the area. She taught Sunday school, too, but was known more for her greeting card ministry, sending cards for birthdays, sympathy and the holidays to everyone in her community, each with a personal note inside. "She kept Hallmark in business," daughter-in-law Debbie joked.   When Kenneth retired in 1983 and the children began to leave the house, the Felumlees began to explore their love of travel, visiting almost all 50 states by bus. "He didn't want to fly anywhere because you couldn't see anything as you were going," Jim said.   Although both experienced declining health in recent years, Cody said, each tried to stay strong for the other. "That's what kept them going," she said.
Cartilage is a resilient and smooth elastic tissue, rubber-like padding that covers and protects the ends of long bones at the joints, and is a structural component of the rib cage, the ear, the nose, the bronchial tubes, the intervertebral discs, and many other body components. It is not as hard and rigid as bone, but it is much stiffer and much less flexible than muscle.   Because of its rigidity, cartilage often serves the purpose of holding tubes open in the body. Examples include the rings of the trachea, such as the cricoid cartilage and carina.   Cartilage is composed of specialized cells called chondrocytes that produce a large amount of collagenous extracellular matrix, abundant ground substance that is rich in proteoglycan and elastin fibers. Cartilage is classified in three types, "elastic cartilage", "hyaline cartilage" and "fibrocartilage", which differ in relative amounts of collagen and proteoglycan.   Cartilage does not contain blood vessels (it is avascular) or nerves (it is aneural). Nutrition is supplied to the chondrocytes by diffusion. The compression of the articular cartilage or flexion of the elastic cartilage generates fluid flow, which assists diffusion of nutrients to the chondrocytes. Compared to other connective tissues, cartilage has a very slow turnover of its extracellular matrix and does not repair. In embryogenesis, the skeletal system is derived from the mesoderm germ layer. Chondrification (also known as chondrogenesis) is the process by which cartilage is formed from condensed mesenchyme tissue, which differentiates into chondroblasts and begins secreting the molecules (aggrecan and collagen type II) that form the extracellular matrix.
Anny was a five-year-old girl. One day when she and her mother were in a department store , Anny saw a plastic pearl necklace . What a beautiful necklace! She wanted it very much, so she begged her mother to buy it for her. The mother said, "Well, I can buy you the necklace, but when we get home, we should discuss what you can do to pay for it. Can we do that?" Anny agreed with much happiness, and she got the necklace. How much Anny loved the necklace! She wore it everywhere and every minute. Anny also did part - time jobs to make pocket money. She worked very hard. Soon she succeeded in paying off the price for the necklace. Anny's daddy knew how she tried her best to get the necklace. He also knew how much Anny cared about it. One night, he asked Anny if she loved him. "Sure, Daddy." the little girl said. "Then how about giving me your necklace?" "Oh, no, Daddy! Not my necklace!" Anny cried. "Oh, dear, it's fine." her father gave her a kiss. Several days later, Anny went to her daddy, with her lips trembling . "Here, Daddy. I love you." She held out her hand. Inside it was the plastic pearl necklace that she loved so much. When he saw this, Anny's father smiled with surprise. He then pulled a cute box out of his pocket. Inside the box was a real and colourful pearl necklace, which was waiting for Anny for so long.
The United Nations General Assembly (UNGA or GA; "AG") is one of the six principal organs of the United Nations (UN), the only one in which all member nations have equal representation, and the main deliberative, policy-making and representative organ of the UN. Its powers are to oversee the budget of the UN, appoint the non-permanent members to the Security Council, receive reports from other parts of the UN and make recommendations in the form of General Assembly Resolutions. It has also established numerous .   The General Assembly currently meets under its president or secretary-general in annual sessions at the headquarters of the United Nations in New York City, the main part of which lasts from September to December and resumed part from January until all issues are addressed (which often is just before the next session's start). It can also reconvene for special and emergency special sessions. Its composition, functions, powers, voting, and procedures are set out in Chapter IV of the United Nations Charter. The first session was convened on 10 January 1946 in the Methodist Central Hall in London and included representatives of 51 nations.   Voting in the General Assembly on important questions, namely, recommendations on peace and security, budgetary concerns, and the election, admission, suspension or expulsion of members is by a two-thirds majority of those present and voting. Other questions are decided by a straightforward majority. Each member country has one vote. Apart from approval of budgetary matters, including adoption of a scale of assessment, Assembly resolutions are not binding on the members. The Assembly may make recommendations on any matters within the scope of the UN, except matters of peace and security under Security Council consideration. The one state, one vote power structure potentially allows states comprising just five percent of the world population to pass a resolution by a two-thirds vote.
Even though she's quite young, Drew Barrymore can be a Hollywood legend . She was born on February 22, 1975, in California. Being from a family that produced great actors, she quickly found her way into the spotlight . When she was 11 months old, she made her first advertisement on TV. She made her first movie at the age of 2. Five years later, she acted Gertie in Steven Spielberg's famous film E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial(1982).[:,However, it wasn't all roses and sunshine when Barrymore was growing up. Most kid stars in Hollywood can't become stars as adults. And once they're out of order, their lives are in the darkness, smoking and drinking. So does Drew Barrymore As she was growing older, Barrymore started to realize that life is more meaningful than dangerous actions in the films. She started to build a career in 1997. She has made a series of successful films since then, including Charlie's Angels (2000) and 50 First Dates (2004). "In my life, there is darkness and drama , and I have yet to explore some of that in my work life. I just want to challenge myself and prove that I can do more." Actually, anyone who's not familiar with her disordered childhood might find it hard to believe she's such a sweet person now. Like many of the characters she plays in her comedy, Drew is easy-going and laughs a lot. In 2007, she was on the cover of People magazine's 100 Most Beautiful People issue. "Life is very interesting ... in the end, some of your greatest pains, become your greatest strengths ," Drew said.
Back to the Future With the help of a local inventor's time machine, Marty travels back to the 1950s. There his 80s hipness stands out, and he inadvertently interferes with the fledgling romance of his parents-to-be. Can Marty keep them together? He'd better, or his own future will fade away. Featuring: Christopher Lloyd, Michael J.Fox. A universal Pictures release, 1 hr. 55 min. Beethoven's 2nd In this sequel to the popular Beethoven, our canine hero falls for Missy, who soon has puppies. Missy's greedy owner, Regina, who sees only money in the little purebreds, separates mom and pups from Beethoven. His owners rescue the puppies, but Regina still has Missy. Featuring: Charles Grodin, Bonnie Hunt. A Universal Pictures release, 1 hr. 26 min. Charlie and the Chocolate Factory Despite the popularity of his treats, candy maker Willy Wonka shuts himself inside his factory. But then Willy holds a contest, offering five lucky children the chance to see his company. Poor but pleasant Charlie Bucket finds a ticket, as do four less-deserving children. Featuring: Johnny Depp, Freddie Highmore. A Warner Bros. Release, 1 hr. 56 min. Cinderella Man Based on actual events, this film follows the life of Jim Braddock, a boxer in New York City during the Great Depression. After a series of losses, Braddock is forced into retirement. But he never gives up his boxing dream, and neither does his manager. Featuring: Russell Crowe, Renee Zellweger. A Universal Pictures release, 2 hr. 14 min. Liar Liar Lawyer Fletcher Reede has never told the truth in his life. Then his son makes a birthday wish that his dad would stop lying for 24 hours. Suddenly, Fletcher's mouth spouts everything he thinks. His compulsion brings disaster to courtroom, where he must defend a client whose case was built on lies. Featuring: Jim Carrey, Justin Cooper. A Universal Pictures release, 1 hr. 25 min.
Connecting with Patients   Dr. Paris often treats several generations of a family over many years. "He's seen us through two births, one operation, multiple earaches, a broken wrist and a recovery from a serious traffic crash," says Jill Farrow, a 43-year-old lawyer whose first visit to Dr. Paris was as a teenager. During the birth of her younger son, Farrow began bleeding badly. Dr. Paris managed to solve the problem in a delicate procedure. "Twenty years ago, she probably would have died," he says. Today, when he performs school sports physical examinations for the Farrow boys, 10 and 11, he is always reminded that lives are changed forever by doctors just doing their jobs.   To be a mix of country doc and somewhat adventurer, the 55-year-old family physician moved to Hailey after completing his residency . He hoped to practice medicine there and ski at nearby Sun Valley. Unfortunately, the only job opening was for an emergency-room doctor in Missoula, Montana, 300 miles away. Dr. Paris took it. "I'd ski all day and then drive all night to be in Missoula for a 48-hour shift," he recalls. "I'm lucky to be alive." Knowing he couldn't keep up with his eight-hour commute , he began taking flying lessons.   In 1981, Dr. Paris joined a small medical practice in Hailey, a former mining town with a population at the time of 2,109. As Hailey grew in the shadow of Sun Valley's booming popularity, Dr. Paris's own practice expanded to seven physicians, including his wife, Kathryn Woods, who is also a family doctor. They met in 1986 at a certification exam in Denver when, in a room full of men in stodgy suits, Woods arrived wearing a Lycra biking outfit and carrying the front wheel of her bicycle (which she couldn't lock up outside). Dr. Paris asked her out on the spot. In 1989, they married.
Xinjiang, officially the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region, is a provincial-level autonomous region of China in the northwest of the country. It is the largest Chinese administrative division and the eighth largest country subdivision in the world, spanning over 1.6 million km (640,000 square miles). Xinjiang contains the disputed territory of Aksai Chin, which is administered by China. Xinjiang borders the countries of Mongolia, Russia, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan, Afghanistan, Pakistan and India. The rugged Karakoram, Kunlun, and Tian Shan mountain ranges occupy much of Xinjiang's borders, as well as its western and southern regions. Xinjiang also borders Tibet Autonomous Region and the provinces of Gansu and Qinghai. The most well-known route of the historical Silk Road ran through the territory from the east to its northwestern border. In recent decades, abundant oil and mineral reserves have been found in Xinjiang, and it is currently China's largest natural gas-producing region.   It is home to a number of ethnic groups, including the Uyghur, Kazakhs, Tajiks, Hui, Kyrgyz, Mongols, Han, and Russians. More than a dozen autonomous prefectures and counties for minorities are in Xinjiang. Older English-language reference works often refer to the area as "Chinese Turkestan". Xinjiang is divided into the Dzungarian Basin in the north and the Tarim Basin in the south by a mountain range. Only about 9.7% of Xinjiang's land area is fit for human habitation.
A barangay (Brgy. or Bgy.; Filipino: "baranggay", ; also pronounced the same in Spanish), formerly referred to as barrio, is the smallest administrative division in the Philippines and is the native Filipino term for a village, district or ward. In metropolitan areas, the term often refers to an inner city neighbourhood, a suburb or a suburban neighborhood. The word "barangay" originated from "balangay", a kind of boat used by a group of Austronesian peoples when they migrated to the Philippines.   Municipalities and cities in the Philippines are subdivided into barangays, with the exception of the municipalities of Adams in Ilocos Norte and Kalayaan, Palawan which each contain only one barangay. The barangay itself is sometimes informally subdivided into smaller areas called "purok" ("English: "), barangay zones consisting of a cluster of houses, and "sitios", which are territorial enclaves—usually rural—far from the barangay center. , there were 42,029 barangays throughout the Philippines.   When the first Spaniards arrived in the Philippines in the 16th century, they found well-organized independent villages called "barangays". The name "barangay" originated from "balangay", a Malay word meaning "sailboat".   The first barangays started as relatively small communities of around 50 to 100 families. By the time of contact with Spaniards, many barangays have developed into large communities. The "encomienda" of 1604 shows that many affluent and powerful coastal barangays in Sulu, Butuan, Panay, Leyte and Cebu, Pampanga, Pangasinan, Pasig, Laguna, and Cagayan River were flourishing trading centers. Some of these barangays had large populations. In Panay, some barangays had 20,000 inhabitants; in Leyte (Baybay), 15,000 inhabitants; in Cebu, 3,500 residents; in Vitis (Pampanga), 7,000 inhabitants; Pangasinan, 4,000 residents. There were smaller barangays with less number of people. But these were generally inland communities; or if they were coastal, they were not located in areas which were good for business pursuits. These smaller barangays had around thirty to one hundred houses only, and the population varies from one hundred to five hundred persons. According to Legazpi, he found communities with twenty to thirty people only.
North Korea twice came back from behind to hold Greece 2-2 in a friendly between two sides heading to the World Cup next month, while fellow finalists Paraguay lost 2-1 to the Republic of Ireland.   In a match played at a neutral venue in Altach, Austria, Costas Katsouranis gave Greece the lead in the second minute with a close-range finish.   The Koreans leveled when Jong Tae-se beat two players and fired a shot past goalkeeper Michalis Sifakis.   Angelos Charisteas came off the bench to put the Greeks 2-1 in front shortly after half-time but, three minutes later, Jong raced down the right flank, cut inside and slammed home his second.   Greece substitute goalkeeper Alexandros Tzorvas had to be at his sharpest to keep out a powerful shot from Cha Jong-hyok that could have won the game for the Asian side.   In Dublin, first-half goals from Kevin Doyle and Liam Lawrence helped Ireland to victory over the South Americans.   Wolves striker Doyle bundled the opener after Paraguay forward Roque Santa Cruz had headed against his own bar.   Lawrence smashed home the second in the 39th minute following a chest down from Doyle.   Lucas Barrios pulled a goal back on his Paraguay debut but Giovanni Trapattoni's men held on for victory.   The Paraguayans are in the same group as defending champions Italy, New Zealand and Slovakia at the World Cup.   Elsewhere, there were disappointing results for two of the African qualifiers as Cameroon drew 0-0 with Georgia and Nigeria tied 0-0 with Saudi Arabia. 
Harry is a boy with a learning disability. On his fourth birthday, he was given a pug called Millie. Two weeks after the dog's arrival, he was happier and calmer and said his first words, "dog" and "mummy". Just two months later, thieves stole the dog, and now the heartbroken little boy is back to where he started. He has refused to talk since losing his best friend. His mother was worried and gave him another dog, but he just "pushed it away". Mrs Hainsworth, his mother, says, "My son is very sad. He'll go over to her cage and just beat on the bars. There is no word coming out, but you just know he's screaming 'Where is Millie' inside. Millie was really his best friend. They would play together happily for hours. None of his toys has ever held his attention that long. Now he has just completely turned quiet again. "Harry suffers from a condition which affects his ability to speak and move. But the dog's being with him achieved more in days than months of speech therapy and physiotherapy had. Mrs Hainsworth says, "My son was so happy when he saw Millie. Being with Millie changed him, and within two weeks he had said his first words and was working on saying 'dad'. Just last week, his teachers and I were saying how much Millie had helped him. And now this!" Mrs Hainsworth is considering buying another pug in the hope that her son will accept it. Maureen Hennis of the charity, Pets as Therapy, says she has seen many cases of dogs helping people with speech problems. "People may talk to a dog when they wouldn't like to talk to another human," she says. "A dog doesn't care if words come out wrong."
Amy Poehler drew a standing ovation when she initiated an impromptu pageant during the outstanding lead actress in a comedy category at the 2011 Emmy Awards.   At the 2012 Golden Globes, Tina Fey made viewers do a double take, photo-bombing Poehler as the nominees were announced for best actress in a TV comedy or musical.   The "Parks and Recreation" and "30 Rock" stars have been stealing the spotlight at awards shows as presenters and nominees for years. As Suzy Byrne of Yahoo! Entertainment says, "It's almost like they've been practicing for this."   "This" being their gig co-hosting the 70th Golden Globes, to air on NBC on January 13. The news, which broke Monday evening, was met with such excitement from fans, celebrities and the media that many were left wondering, "Seth Mac-who?"   It was announced this month that "Family Guy" creator MacFarlane would host the 85th Academy Awards. It's still considered a great get for the Oscars, which have been fixated on attracting a younger demographic, but all anybody seems to care about is the Fey/Poehler Globes.   Tim Brooks, an author, TV historian and former network executive, told The Hollywood Reporter of MacFarlane's appeal, "Younger viewers probably know the name, but he's not an A star."   It should be noted, however, that MacFarlane's "Ted" recently broke a box office record: The flick about a teddy bear that comes to life has surpassed "The Hangover" as the highest-grossing non-sequel R-rated comedy worldwide.   Meanwhile, Brooks said of the Globes pick, "Tina Fey is a good choice, particularly. She's appealing to younger and older viewers. She's accessible. She's not too trendy but trendy enough." 
Kate Anderson became an accidental car thief when she went to pick up her daughter's car near an Ohio University building last week.Anderson saw the nickelgray Toyota Camry and used her daughter's key to unlock the car,start the engine and drive home.   When Charlie Vansant left class a short time later,he found only an empty parking spot.He first assumed the car had been towed,but when the police couldn't find a record of it,they took a theft report.   The morning after Anderson took back the car,her daughter discovered the Camry in the driveway wasn't hers.She found Vansant's name on paperwork in the glove compartment and looked up his phone number on the Website for the university.   When she told Vansant the car was in her driveway,"It sounded real fishy at first,like maybe she wanted to hold the thing for ransom,"Vansant said!   He eventually went to the house with a police officer,where he was reunited with his car.According to a police report,the case was closed "because of the mistaken car identity."Anderson wasn't charged.   Vansant seemed to blame the car company more than the "thief"."Her key fit not only my lock,but my ignition as well--so highfive for Toyota,I guess,"he said.   Toyota spokesman Bill Kwong said key technology wasn't as sophisticated as two decades ago,and there were so many ways to cut a key,making it possible for such a mixup to occur.He said the company now has a microchip embedded in the keys for 90 percent of its vehicles that allows them to start only with the correct key.
Arabic (, ' or ' or ) is a Central Semitic language complex that first emerged in Iron Age northwestern Arabia and is now the "lingua franca" of the Arab world. It is named after the Arabs, a term initially used to describe peoples living from Mesopotamia in the east to the Anti-Lebanon mountains in the west, in northwestern Arabia, and in the Sinai peninsula.   The modern written language (Modern Standard Arabic) is derived from Classical Arabic. It is widely taught in schools and universities, and is used to varying degrees in workplaces, government, and the media. The two formal varieties are grouped together as Literary Arabic ("fuṣḥā"), which is the official language of 26 states and the liturgical language of Islam. Modern Standard Arabic largely follows the grammatical standards of Classical Arabic and uses much of the same vocabulary. However, it has discarded some grammatical constructions and vocabulary that no longer have any counterpart in the spoken varieties, and has adopted certain new constructions and vocabulary from the spoken varieties. Much of the new vocabulary is used to denote concepts that have arisen in the post-classical era, especially in modern times.   During the Middle Ages, Literary Arabic was a major vehicle of culture in Europe, especially in science, mathematics and philosophy. As a result, many European languages have also borrowed many words from it. Arabic influence, mainly in vocabulary, is seen in European languages, mainly Spanish and to a lesser extent Portuguese, Valencian and Catalan, owing to both the proximity of Christian European and Muslim Arab civilizations and 800 years of Arabic culture and language in the Iberian Peninsula, referred to in Arabic as al-Andalus. Sicilian has about 500 Arabic words as result of Sicily being progressively conquered by Saracens from North Africa, from the mid 9th to mid 10th centuries. Many of these words relate to agriculture and related activities (Hull and Ruffino). Balkan languages, including Greek and Bulgarian, have also acquired a significant number of Arabic words through contact with Ottoman Turkish.
U.S. billionaire Bill Gates went to watch a game of his friend, U.S. teen player Ariel Hsing, at the ExCel Centre while the girl was playing against Chinese Li Xiaoxia. Gates wore an orange jacket and dark blue baseball cap. He sat in the front row of thespectators' stand andapplauded for every point Hsing scored. "I'm wishing her the best of luck, but the opposite player is really great," Gates said. Hsing was in her third match at London 2012. She had already beaten Mexico's Yadira Silva and Luxembourg's Ni Xia Lian. Hsing is known in the U.S. as a close friend with billionaires Warren Buffett and Gates. She is close enough to call them "Uncle Warren" and "Uncle Bill". Buffett met Hsing when she was only 9. Two years later, he invited her to play against his friends. She has returned several times after that. Earlier this year after winning a position on the U.S. team, she took a few points off Buffett and Gates. When asked whether he has won a point off Hsing, Gates said, "She beat me when she was nine. She has been nice to me."
Novak Djokovic fought like a true champion to extend his winning run to 36 matches this year as he reached the final of the Rome Masters at the expense of Andy Murray on Saturday.   The Serbian triumphed 6-1 3-6 7-6 (7-2) in a three-hour semifinal epic to set up another showdown with world No. 1 Rafael Nadal, a player he has beaten in three Masters Series title matches this season.   Second-ranked Djokovic ended the Spaniard's two-year unbeaten run on clay in the Madrid final, but it remains to be seen whether he has enough energy in reserve to repeat that on Sunday.   Nadal had a much easier passage as he defeated French 16th seed Richard Gasquet 7-5 6-1 in 93 minutes, ending the run of a player who had earlier beaten his longtime rival Roger Federer and seventh seed Tomas Berdych.   Djokovic's dream year shows no sign of slowing   Djokovic had to dig deep as Murray showed tremendous resolve after capitulating in the first set -- a showing that raised the prospect of a repeat of his Australian Open final defeat against the same player in January.   But the fourth seed -- who turns 24 on Sunday -- battled back to level, inflicting Djokovic's first dropped set of the tournament, and then fought back again after going down 3-1 in the decider.   Murray, seeking to become the first British player to reach a top-level clay final since 1982, broke Djokovic's serve twice in a row -- the second time to love - as he went 4-3 ahead. 
Austria-Hungary, often referred to as the Austro-Hungarian Empire or the Dual Monarchy in English-language sources, was a constitutional union of the Austrian Empire (the Kingdoms and Lands Represented in the Imperial Council, or "Cisleithania") and the Kingdom of Hungary (Lands of the Crown of Saint Stephen or "Transleithania") that existed from 1867 to 1918, when it collapsed as a result of defeat in World War I. The union was a result of the Austro-Hungarian Compromise of 1867 and came into existence on 30 March 1867. Austria-Hungary consisted of two monarchies (Austria and Hungary), and one autonomous region: the Kingdom of Croatia-Slavonia under the Hungarian crown, which negotiated the Croatian–Hungarian Settlement ("Nagodba") in 1868. It was ruled by the House of Habsburg, and constituted the last phase in the constitutional evolution of the Habsburg Monarchy. Following the 1867 reforms, the Austrian and the Hungarian states were co-equal. Foreign affairs and the military came under joint oversight, but all other governmental faculties were divided between respective states.   Austria-Hungary was a multinational state and one of the world's great powers at the time. Austria-Hungary was geographically the second-largest country in Europe after the Russian Empire, at , and the third-most populous (after Russia and the German Empire). The Empire built up the fourth-largest machine building industry of the world, after the United States, Germany, and the United Kingdom. Austria-Hungary also became the world's third largest manufacturer and exporter of electric home appliances, electric industrial appliances and power generation apparatus for power plants, after the United States and the German Empire.
Here begins the story of the life of Tim. Tim's father was Frank. Frank's father was Jim. Jim's father was Greg. And Greg's father was Mark. These 5 men had ruled Markton for the last 100 years. For the last 20 years, Tim had been the ruler. When Frank died, Tim became the ruler. In these last 20 years, Tim brought lots of good luck to his people. They had never eaten so well. Most of his people ate 3 meals a day. Recently, Tim had been having trouble with a band of troublemakers led by Horace. Tim chose to do whatever he could to get rid of Horace. So, he got Assassin to get rid of Horace. One night Assassin sneaked into Horace's bedroom and did away with him. With the bad man gone, all the people had a giant party and sang a song about the greatness of their ruler.
Mark got a letter from his granddaddy that said there was something cool to see. He called his granddaddy on the telephone and asked what it was. He was told that he needs to come over to see it for himself. After asking his parents if it was OK, Mark went to his granddaddy's house. When he got there, they turned off the television and lamp and went around to the backyard. In his granddaddy's backyard, there was a river and lots of plants and flowers. They followed the river and found a pond. The pond was full of goldfish because it was a goldfish pond. There were goldfish of every different color in the pond and it was an amazing sight. Mark had lunch with his granddaddy by the pond and thanked him for showing the interesting pond to him. After that, Mark went home and told his parents about how cool the trip was.
Mason heard gunshots while he was outside with classmates, waiting for school to start. Then students were running, and a teacher was lying still on a playground basketball court, hit by gunfire.   The 12-year-old wanted to help him, but a vice principal told him to run. So Mason moved toward the building -- and that's when he saw Jose Reyes, a friend and a Sparks Middle School classmate, with a gun about 10 to 20 feet away.   "I (said), 'Please don't shoot me, please don't shoot me,'" Mason told CNN in an exclusive interview Thursday from a hospital where he was being treated. "I looked at him. I saw (the gun), and he braced it and shot me in the stomach."   Authorities say Mason was the last of three people that Reyes, 12, shot with a 9 mm handgun Monday morning outside the school. Mason and another wounded student -- the first to be shot -- survived.   Math teacher Mike Landsberry, the second to be hit, died. Investigators say Landsberry probably saved lives by walking toward the shooter -- giving others time to flee -- on the basketball court after the first student was shot in the shoulder.   Reyes fatally shot himself, police said. Sgt. Greta Woyciehowsky of the Sparks Police Department and Adam Mayberry, a spokesman for the city of Sparks, confirmed Reyes was the shooter.   Mason, shot in the abdomen, was able to walk at the hospital Thursday. His mother, Jenifer Davis, said the bullet missed vital parts and exited behind his right hip. 
If anyone knows hip-hop, it's Ice-T.   The rapper-turned-actor has added a title to his résumé: filmmaker. Ice (born Tracy Marrow) recently sat down with CNN to answer some iReporter questions and discuss his new documentary, "Something from Nothing: The Art of Rap."   The film explores the genre as art form and includes lots of big names in the music industry, including Kanye West, Nas, Eminem and Dr. Dre. When it came time to find voices for his project, Ice didn't have to look far.   "I did the film by calling only my friends I had in my address book," the rapper said. "All my homies I'd been in the business with over 20 years. (I told them,) 'I'm just going to ask you questions, not about the money, the cars, the jewelry, the beef, but the craft.' "   In an earlier interview, the star of "Law & Order: SVU" noted that there was an abundance of rap stars who wanted to appear in his documentary.   "There's lots of people I would love to have interviewed, but you got to remember the movie only could last two hours," he explained. "At the end of my filming, I had 52 rappers shot. I had 35 rappers waiting to be shot. My first edit was four hours, so I just couldn't fit everybody into the movie, so yeah, there's a lot of people missing, but I think I was able to get a good cross-section of the different styles of hip-hop."   His decades in the rap game allowed him insider access and candid interviews. 
Like most cultures around the world, the Zulu people of Africa tell stories that have animals as heroes. These stories are meant to have fun, but they are also used to teach important lessons to children. This is one of those stories. One hot afternoon, Jackal was walking along the rocky road sniffing the ground. He was hoping to smell a mouse or a lizard , or something else that would be good to eat. He was so much lost in sniffing that he wasn't really paying attention to what was around himself. Suddenly, Jackal looked up to see his neighbor, Lion, walking straight toward him. He did not have enough time to run way. Jackal had played many tricks on Lion over the years, so he knew he would be in trouble if he was caught. Jackal needed to think of something quickly. "Help! Help!" cried Jackal as he quickly jumped upon a large rock hanging over the road. "The rocks are falling down, and I can't hold them much longer. We shall both be crushed if you do not do your best to hold these rocks back, Lion" At once, Lion pushed his strong shoulder against the rocks to keep them from moving any further. "I'll just run over here to get something to stop the rocks." shouted Jackal as he ran way to safety. Lion stayed _ against the unmoving rocks for quite a long time before he realized that Jackal had tricked him yet again!
Tuesdays during the summer tickets are buy one get one free at the city zoo. Jason loves animals, so his dad takes him to the zoo every Tuesday in the summer. This Tuesday Jason's dad is feeling sick so his mommy has to take him to the zoo. There is also a new animal that Jason can't wait to see; a rattle snake. Tuesday morning Jason's mommy wakes him up, and they get in the car to drive to the zoo. On the car ride Jason's favorite song "The Wheels on the Bus" plays on the radio. Jason's mommy turns the radio louder and they sing the song together. When they get to the zoo they go straight to the rattle snake cage, but when they get there they don't see any rattle snakes. They look around for a little bit, and all they see are some eggs. A man who works at the zoo tells them that the rattle snake must be sleeping and that it hides when it sleeps. Jason is sad because he might not get to see the rattle snake today. They walk away from the rattle snake cage and Jason's mommy buys Jason an ice cream cone to cheer him up. After walking around the zoo and seeing other animals like a bear and a monkey, Jason wants to check the rattle snake cage one more time. They get to the cage and to Jason's surprise the rattle snake is awake and moving around. Not only does he get to see the snake, but a baby is being born from one of the eggs too. Jason is very happy and excited about what he saw in the rattle snake cage and can't wait to get home and tell his dad.
A federal appeals court has upheld an obstruction of justice conviction against Barry Bonds, according to court documents released Friday. The court ruled that the evasiveness of the testimony the former baseball star gave to a grand jury investigating sales of performance-enhancing drugs was sufficient to convict him.   In an opinion filed by the U.S. Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals, Judge Mary M. Schroeder said the three-judge panel rejected Bonds' contention that he could only have been indicted for obstruction if his testimony had been flatly false. Attorneys for Bonds had argued that Bonds' statements to the grand jury were factually true, and that language in the federal statute under which he was charged is unconstitutionally vague.   The appeals court rejected that argument.   "When factually true statements are misleading or evasive, they can prevent the grand jury from obtaining truthful and responsive answers," Schroeder wrote. "They may therefore obstruct and impede the administration of justice within the meaning of the federal criminal statute."   Bonds' testimony in December 2003 was part of an investigation that targeted his personal trainer, Greg Anderson, and employees of the California drug testing laboratory known as the Bay Area Laboratory Co-operative, or BALCO.   The testimony that led to Bonds' conviction came when a grand jury prosecutor asked Bonds whether Anderson ever gave him "anything that required a syringe to inject yourself with."   Bonds told the grand jury that only his personal doctors "ever touch me," and he then veered off the subject to say he never talked baseball with Anderson. 
Annie Oakley was born in 1860 in Darke County, Ohio. Her family was very poor. She decided to help her family even when she was very young, so she learned to use a gun, and began hunting animals for food. She could shoot them without losing the important parts of the meat.   Soon her shooting ability became well known. When she was sixteen, she was invited to a competition with a famous marksman , Frank Butler. Annie surprised everyone by winning the competition. Later that year she and Frank married.   In 1882, Annie Oakley and Frank Butler started putting on shows together. Frank Butler was the star of the show and she was his assistant. The famous Native American leader, Sitting Bull, thought so highly of her shooting ability that he called her "Little Sure Shot". Later Annie Oakley became the star of the show and Frank Butler was her assistant. Posters for the show called her the "Champion Markswoman".   During World War One, Annie Oakley wanted to train a group of women volunteers for the army, but the United States did not accept it. She gave American soldiers shooting lessons, and traveled across the country visiting many training camps. She gave shooting performances and raised money to support the American soldiers.   Annie Oakley died on November 3, 1926. Eighteen days later, Frank Butler died too.
Political corruption is the use of powers by government officials for illegitimate private gain. An illegal act by an officeholder constitutes political corruption only if the act is directly related to their official duties, is done under color of law or involves trading in influence.   Forms of corruption vary, but include bribery, extortion, cronyism, nepotism, gombeenism, parochialism patronage, influence peddling, graft, and embezzlement. Corruption may facilitate criminal enterprise such as drug trafficking, money laundering, and human trafficking, though is not restricted to these activities. Misuse of government power for other purposes, such as repression of political opponents and general police brutality, is also considered political corruption.   The activities that constitute illegal corruption differ depending on the country or jurisdiction. For instance, some political funding practices that are legal in one place may be illegal in another. In some cases, government officials have broad or ill-defined powers, which make it difficult to distinguish between legal and illegal actions. Worldwide, bribery alone is estimated to involve over 1 trillion US dollars annually. A state of unrestrained political corruption is known as a kleptocracy, literally meaning "rule by thieves".
Zheng He was an amazing man. He was born in 1371. Eleven years later, he was caught by the army of a rich young man called Zhu Di and made to work for him. Over time the rich man saw that Zheng He was very clever and strong and they became close friends. In 1403 Zhu Di was made the King of China and he asked Zheng He to join his government. The King wanted to learn more about the world and show other countries his power. He ordered many new ships to be built and made Zheng He their leader. between 1405 and 1433, Zheng He led seven sea trips to different parts of the world. He certainly travelled to India, Africa and the Middle East. A few people think his ships have even reached South America and Australia. Each trip lasted between two and four years and it is believed he sailed more than 50,000 kms during the years of his travels.Zheng He led a fleet with 28,000 men and over 300 ships, such as boats for food, water and even soldiers' horses. On these trips he brought with him many Chinese goods like silk and medicine to give to foreign kings or to sell for local goods. He returned from each trip with boats filled with expensive things such as gold and treasures, foreign guests and strange animals like a giraffe. It is a pity that we may never learn everything about Zheng He' s travels. The Columbus of the east, Zheng He, died in 1433. After that, the new king, had these trips stopped and he burned almost all the books about Zheng He's travels, because he believed the trips were unlucky and too expensive. It is only in the last 50 years that historians have begun to carefully study the adventures of great Zheng He.
